FOR
IMMEDIATE RELEASE
     
    February
25, 2009
    ADVANTEST
CORPORATION
    Toshio
Maruyama, Representative Board Director, President and CEO
     (Stock
Code Number: 6857, TSE first section)
    (Ticker
Symbol: ATE, NYSE)
    CONTACT:
    Hiroshi
Nakamura
    Executive
Officer and
    Vice
President, Corporate Administration Group
    Phone: +
81-(0)3-3214-7500
    
     
    Notice
with Respect to Implementation of Corporate Restructuring Aimed at Strengthening
the Management Structure
     
    
     
    Advantest
Corporation (the “Company”) hereby announces its decision to implement corporate
restructuring aimed at strengthening the management structure as
follows.
     
    
      
          
            
              1.
            
            
              Corporate
      Restructuring
            
          
      
    
     
    The
business environment in the semiconductor industry in which the Company operates
is showing increasing signs of becoming more severe, with semiconductor
manufacturers becoming more proactive in their moves towards restructuring and
mergers and acquisitions, in addition to showing increasingly greater
inclination toward restraining or postponing their capital expenditures as a
result of factors such as the accelerated deterioration of the global economy,
which was triggered by the financial crisis, in addition to the poor results of
operations of semiconductor manufacturers due to weakened semiconductor
prices.
     
    Until
now, the Company worked towards reducing fixed costs by implementing initiatives
to reduce costs and restrain capital expenditures.  However, because
the semiconductor manufacturers have revised their earnings forecasts this year
and there are concerns that the deterioration of the Company’s operating
environment may continue into the long term, the Company has decided to
implement corporate restructuring aimed at strengthening the management
structure.
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (1)
            
            
              Achieving
      an Optimal Workforce
            
          
      
    
     
    Establish
a workforce of 3,400 Advantest group employees by March 31, 2009 by reducing the
number of employees by approximately 1,200 from the total number of employees at
the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008 through non-renewal of contracts
of part-time employees and voluntary retirement of full-time
employees.
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (2)
            
            
              Reduce
      Personnel Expenses
            
          
      
    
     
    a.  Directors
and Officers:
     
    Reduce
directors’ and officers’ remuneration, in accordance with directors’ and
officers’ duties by 50-60%, cease payment of bonuses.
     
    b.  Management
Level Employees:
     
    Reduce
salary of management level employees, in accordance with qualifications, by
between 5-20%, cease payment of bonuses.
     
     
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        1
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (3)
            
            
              Selection
      and Focus of Businesses
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              【Review of
      Existing Businesses and Establishment of New Businesses】
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              -
            
            
              Streamline
      the product lineup to account for future reductions and weakness in the
      market and conduct a review of unprofitable businesses, including
      downsizing the workforce.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              -
            
            
              Promote
      the development and establishment of new businesses by transferring a part
      of management resources to such
businesses.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              【Further
      Improve Efficiency in the Production/Development Process】
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              -
            
            
              Further
      improve efficiency by integrating four subsidiaries that are involved in
      manufacturing and treating the process from production to shipping as a
      unified process.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              -
            
            
              Further
      improve efficiency in the software and application development processes
      by integrating four subsidiaries that are involved in software
      development.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              【Commit to
      Reducing Fixed Costs Attributed to Infrastructure】
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              -
            
            
              Commit
      to eliminating and consolidating operating bases and existing facilities
      and to reducing costs and restraining capital
  expenditures.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              2.
            
            
              Forecast
            
          
      
    
     
    The
Company anticipates that it will incur 25 billion yen in expenses associated
with the aforementioned corporate restructuring, which will include achieving an
optimal workforce, inventory valuation losses and impairment loss on fixed
assets.  The Company also anticipates that it will reduce fixed costs
by approximately 25 billion yen per year after the current fiscal
period.
     
    For
information with respect to the earnings forecast for the fiscal year ending
March 31, 2009, into which the aforementioned initiatives have been
incorporated, please refer to “Earnings Forecast and Revision of the Dividend
Forecast for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2009”.
     
     
    *
Cautionary Statement with Respect to Forward-Looking Statements
     
    This
document contains “forward-looking statements” that are based on Advantest’s
current expectations, estimates and projections.  These
forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause Advantest’s actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements.  These factors include:
(i) changes in demand for the products and services produced and offered by
Advantest’s customers, including semiconductors, communications services and
electronic goods; (ii) circumstances relating to Advantest’s investment in
technology, including its ability to timely develop products that meet the
changing needs of semiconductor manufacturers and communications network
equipment and components makers and service providers; (iii) significant changes
in the competitive environment in the major markets where Advantest purchases
materials, components and supplies for the production of its products or where
its products are produced, distributed or sold; and (iv) changes in economic
conditions, currency exchange rates or political stability in the major markets
where Advantest procures materials, components and supplies for the production
of its principal products or where its products are produced, distributed or
sold.  A discussion of these and other factors which may affect
Advantest’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements is
contained in the “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects”, “Key
Information ─ Risk Factors” and “Information on the Company” sections and
elsewhere in Advantest’s annual report on Form 20-F, which is on file with the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
     
     
     
     
    2