Exhibit 99.1





Exhibit 99.1



51JOB, INC.



NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF MEMBERS



NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of Members (the “Meeting”) of 51job,
Inc., a Cayman Islands company (the “Company”), will be held at 9:00 a.m., local time, on August
28, 2009, at the Company’s principal executive offices at Building 3, No. 1387, Zhang Dong Road,
Shanghai 201203, People’s Republic of China, for the following purposes:





    •
     
    To re-elect Mr. David K. Chao as a director of the Company.



     
 
    •
     
    To re-elect Dr. Xiaoyue Chen as a director of the Company.



     
 
    •
     
    To re-elect Mr. Hiroyuki Honda as a director of the Company.



     
 
    •
     
    To re-elect Mr. Donald L. Lucas as a director of the Company.



     
 
    •
     
    To re-elect Mr. Rick Yan as a director of the Company.



     
 
    •
     
    To approve the adoption of the 2009 Share Option Plan.





In addition, the Meeting will transact any other business properly brought before the Meeting.


Members may obtain copies of the proxy materials, including a proxy statement, a proxy form
and written consent, and the Company’s 2008 annual report, at http://ir.51job.com under the heading
“Annual Report.”


Members of record at the close of business on July 17, 2009 (the “Record Date”) of shares in
the capital of the Company will be entitled to vote at the Meeting or any adjournment or
postponement thereof. A member entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend
and vote instead of him. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.


Pursuant to the Company’s Fifth Amended and Restated Articles of Association, on a poll, every
member present in person or by proxy shall be entitled to one vote in respect of each common share
held by him on the Record Date.




     
     
     
     
     


     
    By Order of the Board of Directors,
 
     

     
                                                      /s/ Rick Yan
 
     

     
    Rick Yan 
     

     
    Director, Chief Executive Officer, President and
Company SecretaryJuly 17, 2009