Exhibit 99.3





Exhibit 99.3



AIRMEDIA GROUP INC.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(NASDAQ Ticker: AMCN)


 


Form of Proxy for Annual General Meeting
to Be Held on December 9, 2009
(or any adjourned or postponed meeting thereof)



Introduction



This Form of Proxy is furnished in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors
of AirMedia Group Inc., a Cayman Islands company (the “Company”), of proxies from the holders of
the issued and outstanding ordinary shares, par value US$0.001 per share, of the Company (the
“Ordinary Shares”) to be exercised at the Annual General Meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) to be
held at 42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark, 15 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong on December 9, 2009
at 10:00 a.m. (local time), and at any adjourned or postponed meeting thereof, for the purposes set
forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting (the “AGM Notice”).


Only the holders of record of the Ordinary Shares at the close of business on November 5, 2009
(the “Record Date”) are entitled to notice of and to vote at the AGM. In respect of the matters
requiring shareholders’ vote at the AGM, each Ordinary Share is entitled to one vote. The quorum
of the AGM is shareholders holding no less than an aggregate of one-third of all voting share
capital of the Company in issue present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at the AGM.
This Form of Proxy and the accompanying AGM Notice will be first mailed to the shareholders of the
Company on or about November 2, 2009.


The Ordinary Shares represented by all properly executed proxies returned to the Company will
be voted at the AGM as indicated or, if no instruction is given, the holder of the proxy will vote
the shares in his discretion, unless the reference to the holder of the proxy having such
discretion (i.e., the phrase “or if no such indication is given, as my/our proxy thinks fit”) has
been deleted and initialed on this Form of Proxy. Where the chairman of the AGM acts as proxy and
is entitled to exercise his discretion, he is likely to vote the shares FOR the resolutions. As to
any other business that may properly come before the AGM, all properly executed proxies will be
voted by the persons named therein in accordance with their discretion. The Company does not
presently know of any other business which may come before the AGM. However, if any other matter
properly comes before the AGM, or any adjourned or postponed meeting thereof, which may properly be
acted upon, unless otherwise indicated the proxies solicited hereby will be voted on such matter in
accordance with the discretion of the proxy holders named therein. Any person giving a proxy has
the right to revoke it at any time before it is exercised (i) by filing with the Company a duly
signed revocation at its offices at 17/F, Sky Plaza, No. 46 Dongzhimenwai Street, Dongcheng
District, Beijing 100027, People’s Republic of China or (ii) by voting in person at the AGM.


To be valid, this Form of Proxy must be completed, signed and returned to the Company’s offices (to
the attention of: Chen Liang) at 17/F, Sky Plaza, No. 46 Dongzhimenwai Street, Dongcheng District,
Beijing 100027, People’s Republic of China as soon as possible so that it is received by the
Company no later than 24 hours before the time of the AGM.

 

1




 



AIRMEDIA GROUP INC.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(Nasdaq Ticker: AMCN)


 


Form of Proxy for Annual General Meeting
to Be Held on December 9, 2009
(or any adjourned or postponed meeting thereof)



I/We                                                                                                      of                                                   &n
bsp;                                                 ,
being the registered holder of                                                              ordinary shares 1, par value
US$0.001 per share, of AirMedia Group Inc. (the “Company”), hereby appoint the Chairman of the
Annual General Meeting 2 or                                                              of
                                                                                                    
as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us at the Annual General Meeting (or at any adjourned or
postponed meeting thereof) of the Company to be held at 42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark, 15
Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, and in the event of a poll, to vote for me/us as indicated
below3, or if no such indication is given, as my/our proxy thinks fit.




     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    No.
     
    RESOLUTION
     
    FOR3
     
    AGAINST 3
     
    ABSTAIN 3





    1.

     
    The resolution as
set out in Item 1
of the Notice of
Annual General
Meeting regarding
the amendment of
the Company’s 2007
Share Incentive
Plan.
     
     
     
     
     
     


    2.

     
    The resolution as
set out in Item 2
of the Notice of
Annual General
Meeting regarding
the adoption of an
Amended and
Restated Memorandum
and Articles of
Association.
     
     
     
     
     
     


    3.

     
    The resolution as
set out in Item 3
of the Notice of
Annual General
Meeting regarding
the Company’s share
repurchase program.
     
     
     
     
     
     







    
    
    




     
     
     


    Dated                     , 2009

     
    Signature(s) 4                                        







 




     
     
     



    1
     
    Please insert the number of shares registered in your
name(s) to which this proxy relates. If no number is inserted, this form of
proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares in the Company registered in
your name(s).


 


    2
     
    If any proxy other than the Chairman of the Annual
General Meeting is preferred, strike out the words “the Chairman of the Annual
General Meeting or” and insert the name and address of the proxy desired in the
space provided. A shareholder may appoint one or more proxies to attend and
vote in his stead. Any alteration made to this form of proxy must be initialed
by the person(s) who sign(s) it.


 


    3
     
    IMPORTANT: If you wish to vote for a particular
resolution, tick the appropriate box marked “FOR”. If you wish to vote against
a particular resolution, tick the appropriate box marked “AGAINST”. If you wish
to abstain from voting on a particular resolution, tick the appropriate box
marked “ABSTAIN”.


 


    4
     
    This form of proxy must be signed by you or your
attorney duly authorized in writing or, in the case of a corporation, must be
either under seal or executed under the hand of an officer or attorney duly
authorized to sign the same.







 

2