Exhibit 99.4





Exhibit 99.4







FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN
Resolution 1 Resolution 3
Resolution 2
Mark box at right if you wish to give a discretionary
proxy to a person designated by the Company.
PLEASE NOTE: Marking this box voids any other
instructions indicated above.
Please refer to the reverse side of this card for the Resolutions to be voted at the Meeting.
AirMedia Group Inc. — Proof 4 11/3/09
TO THE REGISTERED HOLDERS OF AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES (“ADRs”)
REPRESENTING ORDINARY SHARES OF
AIRMEDIA GROUP INC.
Please sign this Voting Instruction Card exactly as your name(s) appear(s)
on the face of this card and on the books of the Depositary. Joint owners
should each sign personally. Trustees and other fiduciaries should indicate
the capacity in which they sign, and where more than one name appears, a
majority must sign. If a corporation, this signature should be that of an
authorized officer who should state his or her title.
FOLD AND DETACH HERE
Address Change Mark box and indicate changes/comments below:
Sign Below Date:
AIRMEDIA GROUP INC.





 

 




 








    1.
     
    To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following resolution as an
ordinary resolution in connection with an increase in the maximum aggregate
number of shares issuable under the Company’s 2007 Share Incentive Plan:



     
 
     
     
    "RESOLVED, as an ordinary resolution:



     
 
     
     
    THAT the amendment to the 2007 Share Incentive Plan of the Company, in the form attached as Exhibit
A to this Notice of Annual
General Meeting to Be Held on December 9, 2009 (the “AGM Notice”) and approved by the resolutions
of the Company’s board of
directors passed on December 29, 2008, be and hereby is approved and confirmed, and where necessary ratified; and



     
 
     
     
    THAT each director or officer of the Company be and hereby is authorized to take any and every
action that might be necessary,
appropriate or desirable to effect the foregoing resolution as such director or officer, in
his or her absolute discretion, thinks fit.”



     
 
    2.
     
    To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following resolution as a special resolution in
connection with certain amendments to the
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company:



     
 
     
     
    "RESOLVED, as a special resolution:



     
 
     
     
    THAT the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company currently in effect be amended and restated by their deletion
in their entirety and the substitution in their place of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association attached
as Exhibit C to this AGM Notice, reflecting the amendments enumerated in Exhibit B and certain minor clerical or formatting
changes.”



     
 
    3.
     
    To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution in
connection with the Company’s share
repurchase program:



     
 
     
     
    "RESOLVED, as an ordinary resolution:



     
 
     
     
    THAT the Company be and hereby is approved, authorized, and where necessary ratified, but not
obligated, to purchase its
ordinary shares represented by American depositary shares (“ADSs”) with an aggregate value of up to
US$50 million within one
year since January 1, 2009 (such transaction, the “Repurchase”);



     
 
     
     
    THAT each of Mr. Herman Man Guo, Mr. Conor Chiahung Yang and any person specifically nominated in writing by either of them
for such purpose (each an “Authorized Person”) be and hereby is authorized to effect the Repurchase on the open market at
prevailing market prices pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, in negotiated transactions off the market, in block trades or otherwise from
time to time as market conditions, in the judgment of such Authorized Person, warrant, in accordance with applicable law, and on
such other terms as set out in the resolutions of the Company’s board of directors passed on December 29, 2008, an extract of
which is attached as Exhibit D to this AGM Notice (the “Repurchase Board Resolutions”); and



     
 
     
     
    THAT any actions taken by any of the directors and officers of the Company prior to the date hereof for purposes of the foregoing
resolutions be approved, adopted and where necessary ratified, including without limitation any repurchases of the Company’s
ordinary shares effected pursuant to the Repurchase Board Resolutions prior to the date hereof.”







    
    
    





     
     
     


    AirMedia Group Inc. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Depositary 
P.O. Box 64506, St. Paul, MN 55164-0506

     
    Voting Instruction Card


     





JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the “Depositary”) has received notice that the Annual General Meeting
(the “Meeting”) of
AirMedia Group Inc. (the “Company”) will be held at 10:00 a.m. (Beijing time), on Wednesday,
December 9, 2009 at 42/F,
Landmark 15 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, for the purposes set forth on this card.


If you are desirous of having the Depositary, through its Nominee or Nominees, vote or execute a
proxy to vote the
Ordinary Shares represented by your ADRs FOR or AGAINST or to ABSTAIN from voting on the
Resolutions to be
proposed at the Meeting, kindly execute and forward to the Depositary, the attached Voting
Instruction Card. The
enclosed postage-paid envelope is provided for this purpose. This Voting Instruction Card should be
executed in such a
manner as to show clearly whether you desire the Nominee or the Nominees of the Depositary to vote
FOR or AGAINST
or to ABSTAIN from the Company’s Resolutions, or any of them, as the case may be. Alternatively,
you may include
instructions to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by the Company. The Voting
Instruction Card MUST be
forwarded in sufficient time to reach the Depositary before 12:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time),
December 7, 2009. Only
the registered holders of record as of the close of business on November 5, 2009, will be entitled
to execute the attached
Voting Instruction Card.


The signatory, a registered holder of ADRs representing Ordinary Shares of the Company, of record
on November 5,
2009, hereby requests and authorizes the Depositary, through its Nominee or Nominees, to vote or
execute a proxy to
vote the underlying Ordinary Shares of the Company represented by ADRs, in accordance with the
instructions given at
the Meeting.


NOTE: In order to have the aforesaid shares voted, this Voting Instruction Card MUST be returned
before 12:00 p.m.
(Eastern Standard Time), on December 7, 2009.


For more information regarding the Meeting, including the Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement,
please visit the
Company’s website at http://ir.airmedia.net.cn/phoenix.zhtml?c=214947&p=irol-AGM.


JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Depositary


PLEASE MARK, DATE AND SIGN ON REVERSE SIDE AND RETURN PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.



Please see reverse side for Voting Instructions.