Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems


News Release


Ballard Announces Fuel Cell Supply Agreement with Baxi Innotech for German Callux Project


For Immediate Release – March 11, 2009


VANCOUVER, CANADA – Ballard Power Systems Inc. (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) announced today that it has
entered into a three-year supply agreement with Baxi Innotech GmbH, the leading European developer
and manufacturer of fuel cell micro combined heat and power (mCHP) units. Under the agreement,
Baxi Innotech agrees to exclusively purchase Ballard fuel cells through to the end of Phase 2 of
the German Callux Project, scheduled to conclude in 2012.


The Callux Project was launched in September 2008 as part of Germany¢s national innovation
program for hydrogen and fuel cell technology. The project represents Germany¢s largest
demonstration project of combined heat and power fuel cell systems for domestic use. These systems
provide decentralized power to the home at a high level of energy efficiency.


Ballard brings its extensive experience in the Japanese residential cogeneration market to the
European market with its FCgenTM-1030 fuel cell product, which Baxi Innotech, a division
of leading European heating equipment company the Baxi Group, will integrate into its 1 kW GAMMA
1.0 natural gas pilot production series. The performance and durability Ballard¢s products
have demonstrated in Japan will prove invaluable, particularly when partnered with Baxi¢s
broad experience and channel strength supplying heating equipment in Europe.


“We are very pleased to be working with Baxi, a strong system integrator and respected leader in
the European heating industry,” said John Sheridan, President and CEO. “This partnership represents
a win-win opportunity for both parties to successfully participate in the Callux project.”


“The close cooperation, along with Ballard’s position as the world wide most experienced fuel cell
maker, will set a benchmark for all other fuel cell technologies and system manufacturers,” said
Guido Gummert, Managing Director of Baxi Innotech.


In consideration of Baxi Innotech¢s agreement to exclusively purchase and use Ballard fuel
cell products for the Callux Project, Ballard has in return agreed to exclusively supply fuel cell
stack products to Baxi Innotech for the same project. The supply agreement also provides for joint
product development efforts, and lays the groundwork for future collaboration beyond the scope and
timing of the current project.


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) is recognized as a world leader in the design,
development, manufacture and sale of clean energy fuel cell products. Ballard’s mission is to
accelerate fuel cell product adoption. To learn more about what Ballard is doing with Power to
Change the World®, visit www.ballard.com.


About the Baxi Innotech GmbH

BAXI INNOTECH has been a subsidiary of the British BAXI Group – one of the leading heating
equipment manufacturers in Europe – since 2002. BAXI INNOTECH is the brain pool of the Group for
innovative product developments based on combined heat and power technology. Since it was founded
ten years ago, the company has been developing a fuel cell heating unit for single-family homes –
in close dialogue and in partnership with suppliers, utility companies and the specialist trade –
to meet the needs of the European market. Additionally, since September 2008, this Hamburg-based
company has been participating in the Callux Project, the practice test of the German Federal
government and industry in preparation for the market launch of fuel cell heating units.
www.baxi-innotech.de


For further information, or to arrange an interview with a Baxi Innotech spokesperson, please
contact Claudia Palozzo of IMA Institut GmbH at telephone number +49-0-40-30-96-96-0 or on e-mail
c.palozzo@ima-gination.de.


This release contains forward-looking statements, including estimated future revenue and operating
cash consumption contained in our outlook, which are provided to enable external stakeholders to
understand our expectations as at the date of this release and may not be appropriate for other
purposes. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of Ballard’s
management and reflect Ballard’s current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Such assumptions relate to Ballard’s financial forecasts and expectations regarding its
product development efforts, manufacturing capacity, and market demand, and include matters such as
generating new sales, producing, delivering and selling the expected number of units, and
controlling its costs.

 

These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause Ballard’s actual results to be
materially different, including, without limitation, the rate of mass adoption of its products,
product development delays, changing environmental regulations, its ability to attract and retain
business partners and customers, its access to funding, increased competition, its ability to
protect its intellectual property, changes in its customers’ requirements, foreign exchange impacts
on its net monetary assets and its ability to provide the capital required for product development,
operations and marketing. For a detailed discussion of these risk factors and other risk factors
that could affect Ballard’s future performance, please refer to Ballard’s most recent Annual
Information Form.

 

Readers should not place undue reliance on Ballard’s forward-looking statements and Ballard assumes
no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward looking statements, other than as
required under applicable legislation.


For further information, or to arrange an interview with a Ballard spokesperson, please contact Amy
Harada Bradley at telephone number 604-412-7913 or on e-mail amy.harada@ballard.com. Ballard, the
Ballard logo and Power to Change the World are registered trademarks of Ballard Power Systems Inc.