6-K










Exhibit A  




PRESS RELEASE  






     
     

     
     

     
     

     
     

     
     

     Vector Capital Press Contact: 
     Aladdin Company Contact: 

     Erin Becker
     Debbie Kaye

     ebecker@BrunswickGroup.com 
     Corporate Communications Manager  

     415-293-8461
     debbie.kaye@aladdin.com 

      
     646.468.0481

      

     Aladdin Press Contact: 

     Matthew Zintel

     Zintel Public Relations

     Matthew.zintel@zintelpr.com 

     310.574.8888




FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE  


Aladdin
Knowledge Systems Enters Into Merger Agreement with Vector Capital Affiliate  


 Aladdin Shareholders to Receive $11.50 per Share in Cash
Transaction Valued at $160 Million 




TEL AVIV, ISRAEL AND SAN
FRANSCISO, CA – January 12, 2009 – Aladdin Knowledge Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ:
ALDN) today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to be
acquired by an investor group lead by Vector Capital, a leading private equity firm
specializing in the technology industry, in a transaction valued at approximately $160
million. 


Under the terms of the agreement,
Aladdin shareholders will receive $11.50 per share in cash for each share of common stock
they hold. This represents a premium of approximately 20% over Aladdin’s closing
share price on January 9, 2009, the last trading day prior to today’s announcement,
and a premium of approximately 64% over Aladdin’s closing share price on January 5,
2009, the last trading day prior to Aladdin’s announcement that it was in continuing
discussions with Vector Capital regarding a possible strategic transaction. 


“After extensive negotiations
and careful and thorough analysis, conducted with our independent advisors, the Board has
unanimously endorsed this transaction as in the best interests of the Company and our
shareholders,” said Yanki Margalit, Chairman and CEO of Aladdin Knowledge Systems. 


Commenting on the announcement, David
Fishman, Partner, Vector Capital, said, “We are very excited about adding Aladdin to
our portfolio of outstanding technology companies and believe that placing Aladdin’s
DRM and Authentication assets under common management with those of our portfolio company,
SafeNet Inc., a global leader in information security, makes considerable strategic sense
and will greatly benefit all stakeholders. Aladdin is an exceptional company, with
significant potential and a strong commitment to its employees, partners and customers
worldwide. We understand Aladdin’s industry and business well, and look forward to
working collaboratively to ensure a smooth and expeditious transition.” 









The transaction is subject to certain
closing conditions, including the approval of Aladdin’s shareholders, antitrust
regulatory approvals, and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions.
Approximately 14% of Aladdin’s outstanding shares in the aggregate are held by an
affiliate of Vector Capital, and Directors of Aladdin, including Mr. Margalit, have
entered into a voting agreement for 19% of the outstanding shares pursuant to which
they have agreed to vote all of their shares in favor of the transaction. There
is no financing condition to consummate the transaction. The transaction is expected to
close following the satisfaction of all closing conditions, which is anticipated to occur
in the next two to three months. Wells Fargo Foothill, part of Wells Fargo & Company
(NYSE:WFC), has committed to provide debt financing in support of the acquisition. 


The transaction will be presented to
Aladdin shareholders for approval at Aladdin’s Extraordinary General Meeting, which
will be scheduled as soon as practicable. 


About Aladdin Aladdin Knowledge Systems (NASDAQ:
ALDN) is an information security leader with offices in 15 countries, a worldwide network
of channel partners, and numerous awards for innovation. Aladdin eToken is the
world’s #1 USB-based authentication solution, offering identity and access management
tools that protect sensitive data. Aladdin SafeWord two-factor authentication technology
protects companies’ important information assets and applications. Aladdin HASP SRM
boosts growth for software developers and publishers through strong anti-piracy
protection, IP protection, and secure licensing and product activation. Aladdin eSafe
delivers real-time intelligent Web gateway security that helps protect data and networks,
improves productivity, and enables compliance. Visit www.Aladdin.com. 


About Vector Capital Vector Capital is a leading private
equity firm specializing in spinouts, buyouts and recapitalizations of established
technology businesses. Vector identifies and pursues these complex investments in both the
private and public markets. Vector actively partners with management teams to devise and
execute new financial and business strategies that materially improve the competitive
standing of these businesses and enhance their value for employees, customers and
shareholders. Among Vector’s notable investments are LANDesk Software, Savi
Technology, SafeNet, Corel Corporation (Nasdaq: CREL), Precise Software Solutions,
Printronix, Register.com, Tripos, WinZip and Watchguard Technologies. For more
information, visit www.vectorcapital.com. 


Safe Harbor Statement Certain information presented
herein constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Such factors include general economic and business conditions, risks relating
to the Company’s recent acquisitions of Athena Smartcards, SafeWord and EutronSec,
including the failure to realize expected synergies, failure to effectively integrate
these businesses into its business and increasing unexpected liabilities, the loss of
market share, changes in the level of business or anticipated business from a large
customer or customers, failure to achieve anticipated customer orders, changes in the
competitive landscape and other factors over which the company has little or no control.
The completion of the Company’s announced merger with an affiliate of Vector Capital
is subject to certain closing conditions, and the Company cannot be certain that these
conditions will be satisfied or waived. For more information, please refer to the
Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on
the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. 


©2009 Aladdin Knowledge
Systems, Ltd. All rights reserved. HASP, eToken, eSafe, Aladdin Knowledge Systems and the
Aladdin logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Aladdin Knowledge Systems, Ltd.
All other product and brand names mentioned in this document are trademarks or registered
trademarks of their respective owners.