Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems


News Release


Ballard Announces Board Approval of New Market Purchase Restricted Share Plan


For Immediate Release – March 23, 2009


VANCOUVER, CANADA – Ballard Power Systems Inc. (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) announced today that its
Board of Directors has adopted a new market purchase restricted share plan. Under the new plan, an
independent trustee will administer the purchase of Ballard shares on the open market for the
company’s long term restricted share awards, as opposed to continuing to use treasury shares for
this purpose.


As well, the Board of Directors has approved a policy change to pay annual incentive bonuses in
cash, moving away from Ballard’s traditional policy of paying bonuses in shares.


Ballard’s traditional equity compensation plans reflected the early stage nature of the company, as
a pre-commercial, technology development company.  As such, there was a relatively high utilization
of treasury shares in short term and long term compensation plans.  The above changes will position
the Company to move to a more cash-based compensation approach, along with the use of shares
purchased on the open market, rather than the continued reliance on the issuance of dilutive
treasury shares.  

 

John Sheridan, Ballard’s President and CEO, stated that, “With Ballard’s recent progress in
commercial markets, our emphasis on near term profitability, and our strengthened financial
position, we believe that now is the right time to move forward with the these changes, which will
reduce the dilution impacts to Ballard shareholders”.  He added, “The Company also plans to present
a proposal for shareholder ratification at Ballard’s upcoming Annual Shareholders Meeting, to
establish a maximum 10% dilution cap for equity compensation plans”.


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) is recognized as a world leader in the design,
development, manufacture and sale of clean energy fuel cell products. Ballard’s mission is to
accelerate fuel cell product adoption. To learn more about what Ballard is doing with Power to
Change the World®, visit www.ballard.com.


For further information, or to arrange an interview with a Ballard spokesperson, please contact Amy
Harada Bradley at telephone number 604-412-7913 or on e-mail amy.harada@ballard.com. Ballard, the
Ballard logo and Power to Change the World are registered trademarks of Ballard Power Systems Inc.