Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard Announces Distribution Agreement for Telecom Backup Power in India


For Immediate Release – November 16, 2009


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) today announced that its partners
IdaTech, LLC (“IdaTech”) and ACME Group (“ACME”) have terminated the existing supply agreement
between the three parties and replaced it with a new, more flexible distribution agreement between
IdaTech and ACME for fuel cell solutions for wireless telecom backup power in India. Under the
terms of this new agreement, Acme can distribute a range of IdaTech fuel cell products, focused on
the natural gas system currently under development at IdaTech. The IdaTech natural gas fuel cell
product development, incorporating Ballard’s FCgenTM 1300 stack, continues with good
progress, as reported by IdaTech today. Pricing and volume in the agreement are flexible and based
on local market conditions. Shipment of the ElectraGenTM hydrogen systems, incorporating
Ballard’s FCgenTM 1020 fuel cell stacks, under the original Supply Agreement is
unaffected by this change.


Atul Sabharwal, Chief Operating Officer, ACME Group said, “ACME is pleased to have a new
distribution agreement with IdaTech that will enable the deployment of fuel cell solutions in
wireless telecom backup power in India. We feel as strongly as ever that a substantial market
opportunity exists for fuel cells in India.”


Hal Koyama, IdaTech’s Chief Executive Officer said, “We are looking forward to supplying ACME with
our ElectraGenTM natural gas and hydrogen systems, both of which incorporate Ballard’s
fuel cell stacks. There are tremendous opportunities for both of these products in
telecommunications backup power in India and beyond.”


John Sheridan, Ballard’s President and Chief Executive Officer said, “We continue to see clear
evidence of the large market opportunity in India and are pleased to be moving forward with this
ACME-IdaTech-Ballard partnership.”


Background


As previously disclosed, the original agreement was subject to meeting product acceptance testing
(PAT) timelines. On July 2, 2009, Ballard announced that, together with its partner IdaTech, it had
passed a PAT milestone and confirmed the order of 310 ElectraGenTM H2 hydrogen-based
systems, incorporating 620 Ballard FCgenTM–1020 ACS fuel cell stacks, for ACME customers
in the Indian market. These direct hydrogen units are not impacted by the new distribution
agreement for natural gas systems. On September 23, 2009, IdaTech announced it would likely miss
the PAT for the natural gas system, scheduled for October 16, 2009.


About Ballard Power Systems


Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) is recognized as a world leader in the design,
development, manufacture and sale of clean energy fuel cell products. Ballard’s mission is to
accelerate fuel cell product adoption. To learn more about what Ballard is doing with Power to
Change the World®, visit www.ballard.com.


This release contains forward-looking statements that are provided to enable external stakeholders
to understand our expectations as at the date of this release and may not be appropriate for other
purposes. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of Ballard’s
management and reflect Ballard’s current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Such assumptions relate to Ballard’s financial forecasts and expectations regarding its
product development efforts, manufacturing capacity, and market demand, and include matters such as
generating new sales, producing, delivering and selling the expected number of units, and
controlling its costs.


These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause Ballard’s actual results to be
materially different, including, without limitation, the rate of mass adoption of its products,
product development delays, changing environmental regulations, its ability to attract and retain
business partners and customers, its access to funding, increased competition, its ability to
protect its intellectual property, changes in its customers’ requirements, foreign exchange impacts
on its net monetary assets and its ability to provide the capital required for product development,
operations and marketing. For a detailed discussion of these risk factors and other risk factors
that could affect Ballard’s future performance, please refer to Ballard’s most recent Annual
Information Form. Readers should not place undue reliance on Ballard’s forward-looking statements
and Ballard assumes no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward looking
statements, other than as required under applicable legislation.


For further information, or to arrange an interview with a Ballard spokesperson, please contact
Lori Rozali at telephone number 604-453-3683 or on e-mail media@ballard.com.