Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    
      
    
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. Announces Closing of $40 Million Senior
Convertible Notes
    
    
    Shenyang, China, June 24, 2009
–- A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR) ("A-Power" or “the
Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”) systems in
China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, announced the closing of
its offering of $40 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Convertible
Notes (the “Notes”), plus warrants (“Warrants”), to several institutional
investors. Net proceeds from the placement will be used primarily to secure
components for A-Power’s ramp-up in its wind turbine assembly
business.
    
    Subject
to earlier redemption in certain circumstances, the Notes will mature in five
years and will be initially convertible at $10.637 per common
share.  A-Power may redeem the Notes at 110% of the principal amount,
plus any accrued and unpaid interest, beginning November 19, 2011, provided
certain market price conditions are met.  The five-year Warrants will
be exercisable for an aggregate of 1,504,184 common shares of the Company at an
initial exercise price of $10.637 per share, subject to anti-dilution
protection. The Notes will bear interest at an annual rate increasing over time
from 3% to 12% and if the Notes are repaid or redeemed rather than being
converted, the Company must make an additional make-whole payment. The
conversion price of the Notes will be subject to anti-dilution protection and a
reset based on the 20-day volume weighted average price to be calculated after
the common shares underlying the Notes are freely tradable. Further information
regarding the Notes and Warrants is available in the Company’s Form 6-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Friday June 19,
2009.
    
    The
issuance of the Notes and the Warrants was done in reliance on the exemptions
for sales of securities not involving a public offering, as set forth in Section
4(2) and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Act”). The underlying common shares associated with the
offering have not been registered under the Act, nor any state securities laws,
and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the
SEC or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. A-Power has
agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC covering resales of shares
of common shares issued upon the conversion of Notes and upon exercise of
Warrants.
    
    This
press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an
offer to buy any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or
sale of any securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or
sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the
securities laws of such jurisdiction.
    
    About
A-Power
    
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com
..
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
        
          
        
      
      
         
      
    
    
    Safe
Harbor Statement
    
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: our manufacturing and assembly of wind turbines will entail significant
amounts of working capital and if we cannot satisfy these working capital
requirements the growth and development of our wind turbine business could
suffer materially; our limited operating history and recent entrance into new
markets and the wind turbine business may make it difficult for you to evaluate
our business and future prospects; if we do not manage our growth successfully,
our growth and opportunity to maintain and increase profitability may be
hindered or impeded, as well as other relevant risks detailed in our filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth in our
annual report filed on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007.
The information set forth herein should be read in light of such risks. We
assume no obligation to update the information contained in this press release,
except as required under applicable law.
    
    
    Contact:
    
    Mr. John
S. Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Mr.
Valentine Ding / Mr. Dixon Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9412
    valentine.ding@us.grayling.com
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com