A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. to Develop a 49.5MW Wind Farm
    in
Inner Mongolia for Jihe Orient Wind Energy Co., Ltd.
    
    
      -
$90.5M contract includes equipment,
construction and installation -
    
    
    
      -
Project to begin October 2009
- -
    
     
    Shenyang, China, September 15,
2009 – A-Power Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR) (“A-Power”
or “the Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”)
systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today
announced the Company has won a “full-responsibility” contract to develop a
49.5MW wind farm in the township of Saiwusu, Guba County, Inner Mongolia (“the
Saiwusu Wind Farm”), for the Urat Rear Banner-based Jihe Orient Wind Energy Co.,
Ltd. (“Jihe Orient”). The total value of the contract is $90.5
million.
     
    A-Power
is to supply the wind turbines, the towers and the foundations, and oversee the
construction, subcontracting and installation for this project. The estimated
cost breakdown is as follows: equipment procurement $84.2 million; construction
and installation $4.8 million; miscellaneous $1.5 million. The project is due to
commence early October this year and the estimated completion time is June
2010.
     
    The
Saiwusu Wind Farm project, owned by Jihe Orient, has been approved by the
National Resources Bureau of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and the permit
for transmission to the electricity power grid has been issued by the Inner
Mongolia Power Co. Its feed-in tariff also has been approved by China’s National
Development and Reform Commission.
     
    “We are
truly excited to embark on our first wind farm full-responsibility project,”
said Mr. Jinxiang Lu, Chairman and CEO of A-Power. “Inner Mongolia as we all
know has the most promising wind energy potential among all of China’s
provinces. Among the 787GW estimated exploitable wind power, only 1.6GW in
capacity had been developed and installed as of September 2008, according to the
Chinese Renewable Energy Industry Association. A-Power is very proud to set its
foot in a region with such vast resources. We look forward to leveraging our
superior wind turbine technologies, our engineering and construction expertise
and our excellent relations with local governments, and making headways as a
participant in the robust growth of the wind power market of
China.”
     
    About
A-Power
     
     A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (“A-Power”), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
        
          
        
      
      
         
      
    
     
    Safe Harbor
Statement  
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,”
“plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction and
development delays on our projects which could adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results; our limited operating history and recent
entrance into new markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business
and future prospects; the expected benefits of supply and partnership agreements
may not materialize to the extent expected or at all; we expect to rely
increasingly on our proprietary products and systems and on technology developed
by our licensors and partners, and if we or our licensors or partners become
involved in an intellectual property dispute, we may be forced to spend
considerable resources resolving such dispute; a decrease in the rate of growth
of China's industry and economy may lead to a decrease in our revenues because
industrial companies in China are our principal source of revenues, as well as
other relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required under applicable
law.
     
    Contact:
    
    Mr. John
S. Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Mr.
Valentine Ding / Mr. Dixon Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9412
    valentine.ding@us.grayling.com
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com