A-Power,
Shenyang Power Group and Amraas International
    Reached
MOU on Biomass Power Plants and Geothermal Project
     
    Shenyang, China, December 3,
2009 — A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (NASDAQ: APWR)
("A-Power" or “the Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation
(“DG”) systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, and
Shenyang Power Group (“SPG”), a subsidiary of A-Power, today announced they have
signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) and Pakistan Amraas International
Private Limited (“Amraas”) on two separate DG projects in Pakistan.
     
    The first
project entails the construction and operation of two 25 megawatts (MW) biomass
power plants for Amraas. The total value of the contract is estimated to be $120
million (RMB 816 million). Pursuant to the MOU, A-Power will act as the general
contractor overseeing engineering, procurement and construction of this project,
and will subcontract certain portions of the project to third-parties.
Construction is scheduled to commence in 2010. The transaction is expected to
receive local government support and be conducted through Buyer’s Credit with
Amraas acting as the credit subject.  A-Power will also assist Amraas
in seeking domestic lenders in China to help finance this project.
    
    The
second project concerns a geothermal project for the Pakistan Parliament
Building (753,480 square feet) between SPG and Amraas International. SPG will
act as the general contractor for the engineering, procurement and construction
and equipment adjustment for the project, and will subcontract certain portions
of the project to third-parties. The Pakistan government is expected to provide
the funding for the project. A-Power is a majority shareholder of SPG. The
timeframe and other details about this project are under
discussion.
     
    This
signing ceremony has received high-level attention from government and business
parties on in both China and Pakistan. Delegates attending the MOU signing
ceremony included Shenyang Municipal Deputy Secretary General Mr. Shaoqing Gu,
Pakistan’s National Social Security Committee Chairman Mr. Raees Mehboob Ahmad,
A-Power CEO Mr. Jinxiang Lu and Amraas CEO Mr. Samir Ahmad.
     
    About
A-Power
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
    Safe
Harbor Statement
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction,
manufacturing and development delays on our projects which could adversely
affect our financial condition and operating results; various memorandum of
understandings we signed with third parties may not evolve into definitive
contracts and thus, we may not derive revenues from such agreements; our limited
operating history and recent entrance into new jurisdictional markets may make
it difficult for you to evaluate our business and future prospects; we may not
be able to successfully develop our business in new jurisdictional markets,
which would have a negative impact on the results of our operations derived from
such new jurisdictional markets;  our customers may not be able to
obtain the financing required for these projects, and thus, we may not be able
to derive revenues from such agreements,  as well as other relevant
risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2008. The information set forth herein should be read in
light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the information contained
in this press release, except as required under applicable law.
     
    Contact:
    
    John S.
Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Dixon
Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9403
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com