A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. Designated to Supply Wind Turbines
    to
a 600MW Wind Farm in West Texas
    
    
      -
China-US Wind Farm JV Plan Calls for 240 Units of 2.5MW
Turbines to be Purchased
from A-Power
- -
    
     
    Shenyang, China, October 29,
2009 – A-Power Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR) (“A-Power”
or the “Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”)
systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, announced
today that the Company has been designated to supply wind turbines to a
China-U.S. joint venture project (“JV Project”) to develop a 600MW wind farm in
West Texas.
     
    At a
joint press conference held today at 12 p.m. EDT, at the National Press Club of
Washington, D.C., it was announced that Shenyang Power Group (“SPG”), the U.S.
Renewable Energy Group (“US-REG”) and Cielo Wind Power LP (“Cielo Wind”), signed
a joint venture framework agreement (“JV Agreement”) setting forth plans for
developing the 600MW wind farm. The terms of the JV Agreement include the JV
Project’s plans to sign a definitive purchase agreement with A-Power related to
the purchase of up to 240 units of 2.5MW wind turbines. The JV Agreement
includes a delivery schedule starting in March 2010, subject to SPG securing
third-party financing, among other conditions. A-Power currently has an annual
production capacity for 1.1GW of wind turbines at its 320,000-square-foot
facilities in Shenyang. A-Power is a shareholder of SPG.
     
    The JV
Project, which when established will be 49% owned by SPG, with the rest of the
equity ownership held by US-REG and Cielo Wind jointly, is expected to be one of
the largest wind farms in the United States. Upon completion, it is anticipated
to generate enough electricity for 180,000 homes in America. The JV Project is
expected to cost in total approximately $1.5 billion, a portion of which is
designated for wind turbine purchases, and its establishment is subject to,
among other things, further due diligence by the parties, the securing of
financing from commercial banks in China, and other project development
conditions.
     
    “A-Power
welcomes the opportunity of participating in this high-profile wind power
project in the United States,” said Mr. Jinxiang Lu, Chairman and CEO of A-Power
and CEO of SPG. “As both a supplier to the JV Project and an equity-owner of
SPG, A-Power will be able to export its wind turbines for the first time and
reduce its exposure to the intrinsic risks associated with such a large-scale
project. We like the tremendous opportunities in the United States, which is the
world’s largest wind power country. We are cognizant of the recent policy push
by the Obama Administration in the renewable energy sector, and a stabilizing
financing environment for renewable energy projects. And we are attracted to the
track record of Cielo Wind, the largest privately held wind power project
development company in the Southwest United States, with a 16% market share for
wind power installation in Texas. In this JV Project, and the sales we expect to
make to the joint venture, all of A-Power’s previous investments – in production
scale, in foreign technology licenses, and in alliance with other power plant
service companies – are expected to come to fruition, and we look forward to
entering into a sales agreement with the JV Project and moving ahead with the
production schedule as set forth in today’s JV Agreement.”
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
        
          
        
      
      
         
      
    
     
    About
A-Power
     
     A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (“A-Power”), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
     
    Safe Harbor Statement  
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,”
“plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; our limited operating history and
recent entrance into new markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our
business and future prospects; the expected benefits of supply and partnership
agreements may not materialize to the extent expected or at all; we have yet to
sign a definitive purchase agreement with the JV Project and no assurance can be
given that we will sign such agreement; the establishment of the joint venture
and JV Project under the joint venture agreement between SPG, US-REG and Cielo
Wind is subject to various conditions, including further due diligence and
securing financing from third-parties, which due diligence may not be completed
satisfactorily, or which financing may not be successfully obtained, and the
parties to the JV Agreement may not proceed with establishing the joint venture
or with the JV Project; SPG may not be able to secure financing for the JV
Project; various government approvals may not be obtained to commence the JV
Project; we started manufacturing wind turbines in 2009 and our limited history
in this sector may make it difficult to meet delivery schedules under any sales
contracts we enter into with the JV Project; we may not be able to source
components to manufacturing the wind turbines, resulting in our inability to
deliver the expected amount of units called for by the joint venture agreement;
we may not be able to obtain proper customs approvals for the export from China
and import into the United States of our wind turbines; as well as other
relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required under applicable
law.
     
    Contact:
    
    Mr. John
S. Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Mr.
Valentine Ding / Mr. Dixon Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9412
    valentine.ding@us.grayling.com
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com