acl6k0709anecortave991.htm




    
     
     
    Exhibit
99.1
     
    
     
    
     
    Alcon
Discontinues Development of Anecortave Acetate for Intraocular Pressure
Reduction
     
    HUENENBERG, Switzerland - July 2,
2009 - Alcon, Inc. (NYSE:ACL) announced today that it has
discontinued development of anecortave acetate for the reduction of intraocular
pressure (IOP) associated with glaucoma.  The company recently
reviewed interim efficacy and safety data from more than 200 patients in a
large, controlled Phase 2 trial.  These data confirmed previous pilot
clinical results that anecortave acetate applied through a single anterior
juxtascleral injection measurably reduced IOP for an extended period of
time.  However, based on a detailed analysis of the data, and after
gaining input from a panel of expert clinical advisers, the company determined
that the amount of IOP reduction and the responder rate provided by even the
highest dose were not sufficient to support this novel approach as a viable way
to address the problem of patient compliance with eye drop therapy.
    The Phase
2 study was rigorously designed to evaluate the safety and three-month
IOP-lowering efficacy of a single anterior juxtascleral injection of three doses
of anecortave acetate (24mg, 48mg and 60mg) versus vehicle.  The mean
reduction in IOP from baseline for the 60mg dose was 3.8 mmHg, which was
statistically significant versus vehicle.  The mean reduction in IOP
was not statistically significant versus vehicle for the other
doses.  The goal of the study was to determine if different doses of
anecortave acetate could provide IOP reduction similar to existing topical
medications but for a period of three months with a single
injection.
    “The
search for alternative delivery routes and new mechanisms of action against
glaucoma remain among Alcon’s most important research strategies,” said Sabri
Markabi, MD, Alcon’s senior vice president of research and development and chief
medical officer.  “While the results show the possibility of
alternative, longer term delivery for glaucoma patients, we are disappointed
that anecortave acetate did not prove to have sufficient IOP reduction efficacy
to be a successful treatment.  However, we will continue our efforts
to address the issues of efficacy, patient compliance and other unmet medical
needs in the treatment of glaucoma in concert with leading independent
researchers around the world.”
     
    About
Alcon
    Alcon,
Inc. is the world's leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.3
billion in 2008. Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic industry for
more than 60 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices, contact lens care solutions and
other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions
of the eye. Alcon's majority shareholder is Nestle, S.A., the world's largest
food company. For more information on Alcon Inc., visit the company's Web site
at www.alcon.com.
     
    ###
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
        
          
        
      
      
         
      
    
     
    Caution Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements.
    This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by our
forward-looking statements. These statements reflect the views of our management
as of the date of this press release with respect to future events and are based
on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. You should read this press release with the understanding that our
actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except to
the extent required under the federal securities laws and the rules an
regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we undertake
no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking
statements, whether to reflect new information or future events or circumstances
or otherwise.
    
    For information,
contact:
    Alcon
Investor Relations
    Doug
MacHatton
    800-400-8599
    doug.machatton@alconlabs.com
    
    www.alcon.com