acl0309plnchangesex991.htm




    
    
      Exhibit
99.1
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      ALCON
EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
       
       
      EFFECTIVE DATE: January 1,
2008
       
       
       
       
       
       
      Sponsored
by Alcon, Inc.
       
      
        
           

        
        
           

           

        
        
           

        
      
      ALCON
EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
      INDEX
      SECTION:
      I.                 Name and
Purpose  1
       
      II.                 Effective
Date 1
       
      III.                 Definitions 1
       
      IV.                 Eligibility 9
       
      V.                 Administration of the
Plan 10
       
      VI.                 Election to
Participate 10
       
      VII.                 Plan Accounts
0;13
       
      VIII.                 Method of
Distribution 15
       
      IX.                 Change in Distribution
Schedule 18
       
      X.                 Offset for Obligations to
Company 24
       
      XI.                 Liability of
Company 24
       
      XII.                 Rights of a
Participant 24
       
      XIII.                 Amendment and
Termination 25
       
      XIV.                 Determination of
Benefits 25
       
      XV.                 Notices 25
       
      XVI.                 General
Provisions 25
       
      XVII.                 Unfunded Status of
Plan 26
       
      XVIII.                 Rights to
Benefits 27
       
      XIX.                 Code
Section 409A Compliance 27
       
      Appendix
A 29
       
      
        
           

        
        
           

           

        
        
           

        
      
      ALCON
EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
       
      
        
            
              
                I.  
              
              
                Name
      and Purpose
              
            
        
      
      The
name of the plan is the Alcon Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the “Plan”).
Its purpose is to provide certain individuals with the opportunity to defer
receipt of compensation and certain stock gains arising prior to January 1, 2005 otherwise payable
currently and to accumulate earnings thereon on a tax-deferred basis. This
program has been adopted in recognition of the valuable service of eligible
individuals and the desire to provide them with additional flexibility in their
personal financial planning. This Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan
maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a
select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of
Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
(“ERISA”).
      
        
            
              
                II.  
              
              
                Effective
      Date
              
            
        
      
      The Plan was
originally effective as of October 25, 2002.  This amended and
restated Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2008 and shall apply to all
amounts deferred hereunder, including amounts deferred prior to January 1, 2005
and amounts deferred after such date.  This Plan was operated in good
faith compliance with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, Notice
2005-1, the Proposed Treasury Regulations § 1.409A-1 through 3 and 6 for periods
from January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2007 and from January 1, 2008 through
December 31, 2008 in good faith compliance with section 409A of the Code,
Treasury Regulation sections 1.409A-1 through 3 and 6, and to the extent not
addressed therein Notice 2005-1.  No amount shall be
treated as grandfathered under section 409A of the
Code.
      
        
            
              
                III.  
              
              
                Definitions
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Account means the total balance
      credited to a Participant’s Compensation Deferral Account, Restricted
      Stock Deferral Account and/or Stock Option Gain Account. The Account shall
      not constitute or be treated as an escrow, trust fund, or any other type
      of funded account for Code or ERISA purposes and, moreover, contingent
      amounts credited thereto shall not be considered “plan assets” for ERISA
      purposes. The Account merely provides a record of the bookkeeping entries
      relating to the contingent benefits the Sponsor intends to provide the
      Participant and shall thus reflect a mere unsecured promise to pay amounts
      in the future.

              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Affiliate shall mean all entities
      that are in the same controlled group as the Company under Code sections
      414(b) and (c), using an “at least 80%” ownership or control
      test.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                C.  
              
              
                Arrangement shall mean the
      individual agreement between the Company and the Participant under this
      Plan.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                D.  
              
              
                Beneficiary means any person or persons
      so designated in accordance with the provisions of Section IX.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                E.  
              
              
                Board of
      Directors means the
      board of directors of Alcon,
  Inc.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                F.  
              
              
                Change of Control of the Company
      means
              
            
        
      
      (1) any
“person” or “group” (as those terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time (the “Exchange
Act”) (other than one or more Excluded Persons) becomes the owner of 25% or more
of the Common Stock of the Sponsor, or, with respect to Holdings or the
Participant’s Employer, 33% or more of the Common Stock or 33% or more of the
Common Stock of the general partner in any Employer that is a limited
partnership; or
      (2) individuals,
who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board of Directors of Sponsor,
Holdings, the Participant’s Employer, or (in the case of an Employer that is a
limited partnership) the general partner of Participant’s Employer (the
“Continuing Directors”) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
of such Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director after
the Effective Date whose election or nomination for election by the
shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Continuing
Directors will be considered as though such individual were a Continuing
Director, but excluding for this purpose any such individual whose initial
assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened
election contest (as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A
promulgated under the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation
of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board of
Directors.
      (3) a
reorganization, merger, consolidation or similar transaction which results in
the voting securities of the Sponsor, Holdings, the Participant’s Employer (or,
in the case of an Employer that is a limited partnership, the general partner of
such Employer) outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
(either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of
the surviving or acquiring entity) less than 51% of the combined voting power of
the voting securities of the Sponsor, Holdings, the Participant’s Employer, or
the general partner of such Employer, or such surviving or acquiring entity
outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation;
or
      (4) a
liquidation or dissolution of the Participant’s Employer or sale of an operating
division or substantially all of the assets of the Participant’s Employer. In
addition, for purposes of this definition the following terms have the meanings
set forth below:
      (a) “Common
Stock” means, in the case of a corporation, the then outstanding Common Stock
plus, for purposes of determining the stock ownership of any Person, the number
of shares of Common Stock which such Person has the right to acquire (whether
such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) upon
the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants, or options or
otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Common Stock does not include
shares of preferred stock or convertible debt or options or warrants to acquire
shares of Common Stock (including any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon the conversion or exercise thereof) to the extent that the Board of
Directors of Sponsor, Holdings, or an Operating Subsidiary, as applicable,
expressly so determines in any future transaction or
transactions.
      (b) “Holdings”
means Alcon Holdings, Inc., a corporation organized in
Delaware.
      (c) “Operating
Subsidiary” means Alcon Manufacturing Ltd., a Texas limited partnership, Alcon
Laboratories, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Alcon Research Ltd., a Texas limited
partnership, Falcon Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., a Texas limited partnership, Alcon
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation, RefractiveHorizons, LP, a Texas
limited partnership, Summit Autonomous, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, or
any other subsidiary of Holdings.
      (d) The
Participant’s “Employer” refers to the Operating Subsidiary for whom the
Participant performs services as a common law employee.
      (e) “Excluded
Persons” shall mean Nestlé SA, the Sponsor, Holdings, an Operating Subsidiary,
or an affiliate of any of the foregoing, or any employee benefit plan (or
related trust) sponsored by any of them.
      (f) A
Person will be deemed to be the “owner” of any Common Stock of which such Person
would be the “beneficial owner,” as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange
Act.
      
        
            
              
                G.  
              
              
                Code means the Internal Revenue
      Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and other authority issued
      thereunder by the appropriate governmental authority. References to the
      Code shall include references to any successor section or provision of the
      Code.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                H.  
              
              
                Committee means the Chief Executive
      Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Alcon Laboratories, Inc. or any
      other persons appointed by the Board of Directors to administer the Plan
      and to perform the functions set forth
      herein.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                I.  
              
              
                Company means the Sponsor and each
      Participating
Employer.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                J.  
              
              
                Compensation means (i) base salary earned
      by a Participant on a periodic basis throughout the Plan Year and
      subsequent to the effective date of the Compensation Deferral Election,
      (ii) bonuses and other incentive compensation paid to a Participant during
      a Plan Year and subsequent to the effective date of the Compensation
      Deferral Election; and (iii) income from Phantom
      Stock.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                K.  
              
              
                Compensation Deferral Account means the sum of (i) the
      amounts deferred by a Participant under all of his Compensation Deferral
      Elections, (ii) the total amount of Discretionary Contributions; and (iii)
      additional amounts credited/debited to the Participant’s Compensation
      Deferral Account as a result of the Participant’s selection of Investment
      Alternatives in accordance with Section VII, less (iv) all distributions
      made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan
      from the Participant’s Compensation Deferral Accounts, including any
      applicable penalties imposed pursuant to Section IX
E.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                L.  
              
              
                Compensation Deferral Election means an irrevocable
      election made by an Eligible Individual to defer the receipt of
      Compensation for a given Plan Year. The Compensation Deferral Election
      shall be documented on the Compensation Deferral Election Form provided by
      the Committee.  The completed Compensation
      Deferral Election must be received by the Committee prior to the deadline
      communicated to Participants by the Committee or the designated third
      party administrator.  The completed Compensation Deferral
      Election shall be deemed received on the business day on which it is
      actually received by the Committee, or on the date it is postmarked by the
      U.S. Postal Service and sent via first class Mail, express mail or
      priority mail, or the date on which it is received by an overnight courier
      service, provided that any election sent via U.S. Mail or via an overnight
      courier shall only be deemed received as noted above if such election was
      properly addressed to the Alcon Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
      Committee at 6201 South Freeway, Fort Worth, Texas 76134, or the third
      party administrator of the Plan which information shall be provided to
      Participants.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                M.  
              
              
                Deferral Election means a Compensation
      Deferral Election, Restricted Stock Deferral Election, or Stock Option
      Deferral Election as defined under this Section III. 
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                N.  
              
              
                Designated
      Beneficiary shall mean the person
      designated by the Participant to receive his/her benefit upon the
      Participant’s death under this Agreement and the Plan on the form
      specified by the Company.  In the event the Participant does not
      complete a beneficiary designation form, it shall mean the Participant’s
      surviving spouse, if the Participant is married.  In the event
      no beneficiary is designated on the specified form and the Participant is
      not married on the date of his/her death, the Participant’s benefit shall
      be paid to the Participant’s Estate and it shall be the Designated
      Beneficiary.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                O.  
              
              
                Discretionary Contribution means the amount contributed
      by the Company to a Participant’s Compensation Deferral Account pursuant
      to Section VI of the
      Plan.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                P.  
              
              
                Distribution Event means the specified date or dates designated in
      advance by the Participant, in his or her Deferral Election Forms, upon
      which payment of the Participant’s Compensation Deferral Accounts,
      Restricted Stock Deferral Account and/or Stock Option Gain Account shall
      be deemed triggered for subsequent distribution, pursuant to
      Section VIII. 
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                Q.  
              
              
                Domestic
      Relations Order shall mean any
      judgment, decree, or order (including approval of a property settlement
      agreement) which (i) relates to the provision of child support, alimony
      payments, or marital property rights to a spouse, former spouse, child or
      other dependent of a Participant, and (ii) is made pursuant to a State
      domestic relations law (including a community property
      law).
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                R.  
              
              
                Eligible Individual means each employee of the
      Company selected for participation in this Plan pursuant to Section IV of the
      Plan.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                S.  
              
              
                Eligible Stock Option means one or more stock
      option(s) exercisable under a plan or arrangement of the
      Company.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                T.  
              
              
                Fair Market Value means the average of the
      high and low sale prices of a share of Stock on a national securities
      exchange on any day (if Stock was not traded on such day, the most recent
      preceding trading day). If Stock is not traded on a national securities
      exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the
      Committee.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                U.  
              
              
                Investment Alternatives means those Investment
      Alternatives chosen from time to time by the Committee, as described in
      Section VII, and reflected on the Deferral Election
      Forms provided on an annual basis by the Company to the Participants. Such
      Investment Alternatives will allow individual Participants to
      hypothetically invest the balance of his or her Compensation Deferral
      Accounts during each Plan Year, among Investment Alternatives selected by
      the Participant, and shall determine the rate of appreciation (or
      depreciation) attributable to the balance of such Participant’s
      Compensation Deferral Accounts for that Plan Year.
      
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                V.  
              
              
                NQDC
      Plan shall
      mean any agreement, method or arrangement, including one of the above that
      applies to one person or individual.  An agreement, method or
      arrangement may be a plan for this purpose even if it is not an employee
      benefit plan under section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
      Act of 1974, as amended.  A NQDC Plan includes all arrangements
      that are recognized in the final regulations issued under section 409A of
      the Code as a separate category or type of plan that must be aggregated as
      a separate type of NQDC Plan in the same manner as such plans are
      aggregated under Treasury Regulation § 1.409-1(c) and any successor
      thereto.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                W.  
              
              
                Participant means an employee who is
      both eligible to participate in the Plan under the terms of Section
      IV and has elected to
      participate in the
Plan.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                X.  
              
              
                Participating Employer means Alcon Laboratories,
      Inc., Alcon Research, Ltd., Alcon Manufacturing, Ltd. and Falcon
      Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. or any other corporation or business organization
      which adopts the Plan, with the consent of
      Sponsor.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                Y.  
              
              
                Plan Year means the twelve (12) month
      period ending on the December 31st of each year during which
      the Plan is in effect, provided that the first Plan Year shall commence on
      the Effective Date and end on December 31, 2002.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                Z.  
              
              
                Phantom Stock means shares granted under
      the terms of the Phantom Stock Plan of Alcon Laboratories, Inc., its
      Selected Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Related
      Corporations.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                AA.  
              
              
                Qualifying Gain shall mean the incremental
      value inuring to a Participant upon the exercise of an Eligible Stock
      Option, using the Stock-for-Stock payment method, during any Plan Year.
      Such incremental value shall be deliverable to the Participant’s Stock
      Option Gain Account in the form of shares of Stock and shall be computed
      as follows: (i) the total fair market value of the shares of Stock
      held/acquired as a result of the exercise of an Eligible Stock Option
      using the Stock-for-Stock payment method, minus (ii) the total exercise
      price. For example, assume a Participant elects to exercise an Eligible
      Stock Option to purchase 1,000 shares of stock at an exercise price of $20
      per share (i.e., a total exercise price of $20,000), when the Stock has a
      current fair market value of $25 per share (i.e., a total current fair
      market value of $25,000) and elects to defer one hundred (100) percent of
      the Qualifying Gain (i.e. $5,000). Using the Stock-for-Stock payment
      method, the Participant would deliver 800 shares of Stock (worth $20,000
      at exercise) plus a Qualifying Gain, in the form of an unfunded and
      unsecured promise by the Company for 200 additional shares of Stock in the
      future (worth $5,000 at exercise). The number of additional shares of
      Stock deliverable to the Participant in the future as a result of the
      Qualifying Gain shall be fixed and determined as of the date of the
      exercise of the Eligible Stock Option, using the closing price of the
      Stock as of the end of the business day closest to the date of such
      exercise.  Notwithstanding
      the above, no Qualifying Gains shall exist for purposes of this Plan after
      December 31,
      2005.
      
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                BB.  
              
              
                Restricted Stock means Stock granted to an
      employee of the Company subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture until
      a date on which certain service-based requirements or non-competition
      provisions are satisfied, including any Restricted
      Stock Units granted to a Participant and subject to a substantial risk of
      forfeiture until a date on which certain Service based requirements or
      non-competition provisions are
    satisfied.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                CC.  
              
              
                Restricted Stock Deferral Account means the aggregate value,
      measured on any given date, of the sum of: (i) the number of shares of
      Restricted Stock credited to the Participant’s Restricted Stock Deferral
      Account, less (ii) the number of shares of Restricted Stock previously
      distributed, to the Participant (or his or her Beneficiary) pursuant to
      this Plan from the Participant’s Restricted Stock Deferral Account,
      including any applicable penalties imposed pursuant to Section IX
E.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                DD.  
              
              
                Restricted Stock Deferral Amount means the amount of
      Restricted Stock deferred in accordance with Section VI of this
      Plan.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                EE.  
              
              
                Restricted Stock Deferral Election means an irrevocable
      election made by an Eligible Individual to defer receipt of compensation
      in the amount of nonvested Restricted Stock for a given Plan Year pursuant
      to the requirements and terms of Section VI hereof.
      
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                FF.  
              
              
                Separation from
      Service shall mean
      for:
              
            
        
      
      (1) a Participant acting as an
independent contractor with respect to the Company the date upon which the
Participant’s contract under which the Participant provides services to the
Company expires (or if there is more than one contract, the date when all of
Participant’s contracts with the Company expire) provided such expiration of the
Contract(s) is a good fact and complete termination of the contractual
relationship.  An expiration is not a good faith Separation from
Service if the Company anticipates renewal of the relationship or contract or
the independent contractor becomes an employee.  Renewal is
anticipated if neither the Company nor the Participant has eliminated the
Participant as a potential service provider.  The Participant will be
considered to be intended to contract with the Company again if the Company’s
contracting is conditioned only on incurring a need for the services or the
availability of funds or both.  Furthermore, a Participant who was an
independent contractor with respect to the Company shall not be deemed to have
Separated from Service until the later of the date that is twelve (12) months
and one (1) day after the date the Participant’s last contract with the Company
expired and provided that no amount will be payable to the Participant if during
such period the Participant provided services to the Company as an independent
contractor or an employee.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(h)(2).
      (2) a Participant who is an employee of
the Company shall be Separated from Service with the Company if the employee
dies, retires or otherwise terminates employment with the
Company.  Notwithstanding the above, a Participant is considered to be
continuing to be an employee while the employee is on military leave, sick leave
or another bona fide leave of absence if the duration of such leave does not
exceed six (6) months, or if longer, the duration of the leave continues as long
as the individual’s rights to reemployment with the Company is provided either
by statute or contract.  A leave of absence is bona fide only if there
is a reasonable expectation that the employee will return to perform services
for the Company.  If the leave exceeds six (6) months and the
Participant does not retain reemployment rights under a contract or a statute,
the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first date after such
six (6) month period.  Notwithstanding the above, where a leave of
absence is due to a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that
can be expected to result in death or last for a continuous period of not less
than six (6) months, and causes the Participant to be unable to perform the
duties of his position or a substantially similar position, the leave duration
may be expanded to twenty-nine (29) months instead of six (6)
months.  The termination of a Participant’s employment is determined
by the Company based upon the facts and
circumstances.  
      If the Participant continues to be
employed (whether as an employee or independent contractor), but the Company and
the Participant reasonably anticipated (1) the Participant would not provide
further services after a certain date, or (2) that the level of bona fide
service provided to the Company would permanently decrease to below 50% of the
average level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36
months (whether as an employee or independent contractor) (or over the full
period if the employee had not completed 36 months of service), the Participant
will be treated as Separated from Service.  For this purpose, services
will be at an annual rate that is less than 50 percent of the services rendered
on the average (whether as an employee or independent contractor), during the
immediately preceding 36 months of employment (or, if employed a lesser period,
for such lesser period) and the annual remuneration for such services is less
than 50 percent of the average annual remuneration earned by the Participant
during the most recent 36 months of employment (or, if employed for a lesser
period, such lesser period).  
      If the Participant was an employee
and continues to provide services after termination of employment as an
independent contractor, a Separation from Service will not be deemed to occur if
the Participant provides services at an annual rate that is 50 percent or more
of the services rendered on the average during the immediately preceding 36
months of employment (or, if employed for a lesser period, over such lesser
period) and the annual compensation for such services is 50 percent or more of
the annual compensation earned during the most recent 36 months of employment
(or, if employed for a lesser period, such lesser period).  Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-1(h)(1).  
      For purposes of determining whether
the Participant has Separated from Service with the Company, all services
provided by the Participant to the Company or any entity which would qualify as
an Affiliate if the ownership or control was tested substituting “at least 50%”
for every place in which “at least 80%” is used, shall be counted to determine
if the Participant has Separated from Service with the Company (i.e., the
service recipient).
      
        
            
              
                GG.  
              
              
                Similar
      Arrangements shall mean such other
      arrangements providing nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code
      section 409A which, in the event of a violation of such section’s
      requirements, would be grouped as a plan as such term is defined in
      Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(c).
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                HH.  
              
              
                Specified
      Employee means one of the
      persons determined to be a Specified Employee for the period during which
      the relevant Separation from Service occurred in accordance with the
      Policy Regarding Determination of Specified Employees for Nonqualified
      Deferred Compensation Plans of Alcon,
  Inc.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                II.  
              
              
                Sponsor means Alcon, Inc. and its
      successors and
assigns.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                JJ.  
              
              
                Stock means Alcon, Inc. common
      stock.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                KK.  
              
              
                Stock Option Gain Account means the aggregate value,
      measured on any given date, of: (i) the number of shares of Stock deferred
      by a Participant as a result of all Stock Option Gain Deferral Elections,
      less (ii) the number of shares of Stock previously distributed to the
      Participant (or his or her Beneficiary) pursuant to this Plan from the
      Participant’s Stock Option Gain Account, including any applicable
      penalties imposed pursuant to Section IX
E.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                LL.  
              
              
                Stock Option Gain Amount means, for any Eligible
      Stock Option, the portion of Qualifying Gains deferred in accordance with
      Section VI of
      this Plan. There
      shall be no Stock Option Gain Amounts after December 31, 2005.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                MM.  
              
              
                Stock Option Gain Deferral Election means an irrevocable
      election made by an Eligible Individual to defer the receipt of a stock
      Option Gain Amount for a given Plan Year. The Stock Option Gain Deferral
      Election shall be documented by the Participant on the Stock Option Gain
      Deferral Election Form provided by the Committee.  There shall be no
      Stock Option Gain Deferral Elections after December 31, 2005.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                NN.  
              
              
                Subsequent
      Elections means any such election to delay or
      change the form, time or schedule of payments may not take effect for at
      least 12 months after the date on which the election is
      made.  Any election to defer a payment upon a specified date or
      specified time or upon a Separation from Service provided hereunder must
      be made and provided to the Company more than one (1) year before such
      payment becomes payable and must defer payment as provided
      below.  For any election to defer a payment for a payment upon a
      Separation from Service or upon a specified  time and not for a
      payment on account of Disability, death of a Participant, or an
      Unforeseeable Emergency (i.e., for a payment on Separation from Service or
      a payment on a specified date), the subsequent election must defer the
      payment for not less than 5 years from the date such payment would have
      otherwise been paid and any amount to be paid as an annuity shall be
      treated as a single payment payable on the date the first amount would
      have been paid.  The Plan must require the election related to
      the time or form of payment to be made not less than 12 months before the
      date the payment is scheduled to be paid or the date of the first
      payment.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                OO.  
              
              
                Trust means the grantor trust
      established pursuant to the
  Plan.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                PP.  
              
              
                Trustee means the trustee named in
      the agreement establishing the Trust and such successor and/or additional
      trustees as may be named pursuant to the terms of the agreement
      establishing the
Trust.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                IV.  
              
              
                Eligibility
              
            
        
      
      An employee of the
Company shall be eligible to participate in the Plan if the employee is approved
to participate in the Plan by the Committee. An employee shall become a
Participant under the Plan upon the timely filing of a Deferral Election Form,
as described in Section VI.
      
        
            
              
                V.  
              
              
                Administration
      of the Plan
              
            
        
      
      The
Plan shall be administered by the Committee which shall hold meetings at such
times as may be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan. The
Committee shall have the sole discretion to interpret the provisions of the
Plan.
      
        
            
              
                VI.  
              
              
                Election
      to Participate
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Compensation
      Deferral
              
            
        
      
      (1) Participation – An Eligible Individual
becomes a Participant in the Plan by filing a timely, irrevocable Compensation
Deferral Election Form with the Committee. An Eligible Individual who has made a
Compensation Deferral Election for any Plan Year and who continues to have a
balance in his or her Compensation Deferral Account is a Participant. The
Compensation Deferral Election shall be effective only for the single Plan Year
to which it specifically relates. A new Compensation Deferral Election Form must
be filed for each new Plan Year. Amounts deferred under a Compensation Deferral
Election shall be credited to a Compensation Deferral Account established under
the Plan for the Participant.
      (2) Compensation Deferral Election – The Compensation Deferral
Election Form shall consist of the Eligible Individual’s election to defer
Compensation, election of Investment Alternatives and election of the timing and
form of distribution of amounts deferred as described in Section VIII. An Eligible
Individual may elect to defer (subject to any limitations on Compensation
imposed by the Committee for the Plan Year), in any combination, all or a part
of the Eligible Individual’s Compensation. The Eligible Individual shall specify
for each Compensation category an amount to be deferred, expressed either as a
percentage or a dollar amount. All Compensation Deferral Election Forms must be
submitted on a timely basis to the Committee, otherwise the Participant shall be
deemed to have not submitted a Compensation Deferral Election Form for the Plan
Year to which it relates. Except as provided in Section VI A(3) as to newly
Eligible Individuals, a Compensation Deferral Election Form shall be deemed
timely only if it is submitted to the Committee by June 30th
of the Plan Year immediately preceding the Plan Year to which it
relates.
      (3) Initial Compensation Deferral
Election –
A newly Eligible Individual may make a Compensation Deferral Election
within thirty (30) days of the date the Eligible Individual receives
notification of eligibility to participate in the Plan in order to defer
Compensation earned with respect to the current Plan Year.  This must be the first time the
newly Eligible Individual is eligible to participate in any plan of the same
type as this Plan, with the types of plans determined under Treas. Reg. §
1.409A-1(c) and it must be the first plan of this Plan’s type at either the
Company or any Affiliate of the Company.
      (4) Discretionary
Contribution –
The Committee, in its sole discretion, may from time to time make
Discretionary Contributions to a Participant’s Compensation Deferral Account.

      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Restricted
      Stock Deferral
              
            
        
      
      (1) Participation – An Eligible Individual may
elect to defer (subject to any limitations imposed by the Committee for the Plan
Year), all or a portion of any nonvested Restricted Stock that would otherwise
vest at least six (6) months after the date of the Restricted Stock Deferral
Election.  An Eligible Individual becomes a Participant in Plan by
filing a timely, irrevocable Restricted Stock Deferral Election Form with the
Committee.  For Plan Years
beginning after January 1, 2005, Restricted Stock Deferral Elections must be
made by June 30th
of the Plan Year prior to the Plan Year in which the Restricted Stock is
awarded.
      (2) Restricted Stock Deferral
Election –
The Restricted Stock Deferral Election shall be documented by the
Participant on the Restricted Stock Deferral Election Form provided by the
Committee. The Restricted Stock Deferral Election Form shall specify the number
of shares or units to be deferred and the election of the timing of the
distribution of amounts deferred as described in Section
VIII.
      For
an election to defer Restricted Stock to be valid, the following must occur: (i)
a separate Restricted Stock Deferral Election Form must be completed and signed
by the Participant with respect to the Plan Year, (ii) the Restricted Stock
Deferral Election Form must be delivered on a timely basis to the Committee and
accepted by the Committee; and (iii) the Participant must relinquish the number
of shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units to the Company on the
day the Restricted Stock Deferral Election is filed with the
Committee.
      All Restricted Stock
Deferral Election Forms must be submitted on a timely basis to the Committee,
otherwise the Participant shall be deemed to have not submitted a Restricted
Stock Deferral Election Form for the Plan Year to which it relates. A Restricted
Stock Deferral Election Form shall be deemed timely only if it is submitted at
least six (6) months prior to the beginning of the Plan Year in which the relevant
Restricted Stock is awarded 
      (3) Special Deferral Election
Rights – Pursuant
to the authority granted by Q&A 21 of Notice 2005-1, and notwithstanding any
other limitation contained in this Section VI of the Plan, each Participant
may file a separate Restricted Stock Deferral Election for the Plan Year ending
December 31, 2005, provided that: 
      
        
            
              
                 
      
              
              
                (1)
              
              
                this special
      election must be submitted to the Committee on or before March 15, 2005; and
      
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                 
      
              
              
                (2)
              
              
                any nonvested Restricted
      Stock to which the special election applies may not have vested or become
      vested at the time of the election.

              
            
        
      
      In connection with this special
deferral election, and no later than March 15, 2005, a Participant may terminate any
Restricted Stock Deferral Election previously submitted for the Plan Year ending
December 31,
2005. Any amounts
deferred under this Section VI B (3) shall be subject to the
Plan’s terms and conditions.
      (4) Withholding for FICA Taxes – For each payroll period, the Company
shall withhold from that portion of a Participant’s Compensation, such
Participant’s share of taxes under the Federal Insurance Contributions Act
(“FICA”) and other applicable taxes that are required to be withheld with
respect to Restricted Stock Deferrals as they vest and become subject to FICA
taxes and other withholding requirements (collectively, “Withholding
Requirements”).  To the extent that there is insufficient remaining
cash Compensation otherwise due to the Participant to satisfy all applicable
Withholding Requirements as they come due, the Employer reserves the right to
reduce such Participant’s Deferrals to the extent necessary to satisfy such
Withholding Requirements.  In the event there is insufficient cash
Compensation to satisfy all applicable Withholding Requirements as they come
due, even after reducing a Participant’s Deferrals, such Participant shall be
obligated to remit payment to the Company, in such form as is acceptable to the
Company, sufficient to satisfy any remaining Withholding
Requirements.
      (5) Forfeiture and Transfer
Restrictions – Restricted Stock Deferrals shall
remain subject to the forfeiture and transfer restriction provisions of the
Amended 2002 Alcon Incentive Plan, any other terms or conditions established by
the Committee incident thereto or contained in the
award.
      
        
            
              
                C.  
              
              
                Stock Option Gain Deferral – No new Stock Option Gains’
      deferral elections shall be permitted, nor shall any additions to the
      amounts of Stock Option Deferral, after December 31, 2005.
              
            
        
      
      (1) Participation - An Eligible
Individual may irrevocably elect, prior to exercising an Eligible Stock Option,
to participate in the Plan and defer receipt of all or part of a Qualifying Gain
(as defined in Section
III) that would otherwise have been payable to him or her, to a
distribution date defined in Section VIII. An Eligible
Individual becomes a Participant in the Plan by filing a timely, irrevocable
Stock Option Gain Deferral Election Form with the Committee.
      (2) Stock Option Gain Deferral Election
– For each
Eligible Stock Option, a Participant may elect to defer a minimum of ten (10)
percent and a maximum of one hundred (100) percent of the Qualifying Gain
related to exercise of the Eligible Stock Option, such deferred amount to be
known as his or her Stock Option Gain Amount. A Participant’s ability to defer
may be further limited by other terms or conditions set forth in the stock
option plan or agreement under which such options are
granted.
      For
an election to defer the Qualifying Gain upon an Eligible Stock Option exercise
to be valid, the following must occur: (i) a separate Stock Option Gain Deferral
Election Form must be completed and signed by the Participant with respect to
the Plan Year, specifying the plan(s) to which the Eligible Stock Option(s)
relate, (ii) the Stock Option Gain Deferral Election Form must be delivered on a
timely basis to the Committee and accepted by the Committee, (iii) the Eligible
Stock Option must be exercised using the Stock-for-Stock payment method; and
(iv) the Stock actually or constructively delivered by the Participant to
exercise the Eligible Stock Option must have been (a) purchased by the
Participant through a means which did not involve the exercise of any stock
option or (b) purchased by the Participant as a result of stock option exercise
and owned by the Participant during the entire six (6) months prior to its
delivery.
      All
Stock Option Gain Deferral Election Forms must be submitted on a timely basis to
the Committee, otherwise the Participant shall be deemed to have not submitted a
Stock Option Gain Deferral Election Form for the Plan Year to which it relates.
A Stock Option Gain Deferral Election Form shall be deemed timely only if it is
submitted at six (6) months prior to the date the Participant elects to exercise
the Eligible Stock Option.
      
        
            
              
                VII.  
              
              
                Plan
      Accounts
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Compensation
      Deferral Account
              
            
        
      
      (1) Investment Alternatives – The Investment
Alternatives available for the Participant’s Compensation Deferral Account will
be selected by the Committee, in its sole discretion. Such Investment
Alternatives will allow individual Participants to hypothetically invest the
balance of their Compensation Deferral Accounts during each Plan Year and shall
determine the rate of appreciation (or depreciation) which shall be credited on
the balance of such Compensation Deferral Account daily. Allocation among the
Investment Alternatives shall be in increments of whole percentages. A
Participant shall have no actual ownership rights in any assets of the Company
or the Trust as a result of such Participant’s selection of Investment
Alternatives. Moreover, the Company and/or Trust shall have no obligation to
invest actual assets in accordance with the Participant’s selection of
Investments.
      (2) Reallocation Among Investment Alternatives
– A Participant
may choose, to reallocate the deemed investment of the amounts credited to such
Participant’s Compensation Deferral Account among the Investment Alternatives in
increments of whole percentages. Such reallocation shall be achieved by
submitting an Investment Alternative Change Form to the Committee pursuant to
the procedures established by the Committee. The Investment Alternative Change
Form submitted to the Committee will become effective on the next business day
after receipt.
      (3) Periodic Credits of Compensation
Deferral Amounts – The Participant’s
Compensation Deferral Account shall be credited with the amount of the deferred
Compensation on the day such deferred Compensation would have otherwise been
paid to the Participant. All periodic credits to a Participant’s Compensation
Deferral Account with respect to Compensation shall be accounted for based on
the Investment Alternatives selected by the Participant on the Compensation
Deferral Election Form or Investment Alternative Change
Form.
      (4) Increase or Decrease to Compensation
Deferral Accounts – A Participant’s
Compensation Deferral Account will be increased or decreased on the daily, in
accordance with the Participant’s Investment Alternative election reflected on
his or her Compensation Deferral Election Form or Investment Alternative Change
Form.
      (5) Vesting in the Compensation Deferral
Account –
With the exception of Discretionary Contributions, the Participant shall
at all times be one hundred (100) percent vested in his or her Compensation
Deferral Account. The Committee shall determine the vesting provisions of any
Discretionary Contributions to the Participant’s Compensation Deferral
Account.
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Restricted
      Stock Deferral Account
              
            
        
      
      (1) Restricted Stock Deferral
Amount –
Subject to any terms and conditions imposed by the Committee,
Participants may elect to defer, under the Plan, all or a portion of any
nonvested Restricted Stock into his or her Restricted Stock Deferral
Account.  The amount deferred shall be known as the Restricted Stock
Deferral Amount.  All dividends related to a Restricted Stock Deferral
shall also be deferred, subject to the same deferral period and distribution
option in effect with respect to the Restricted Stock Deferral to which the
dividend is attributable; provided, however, that, solely with respect to
dividends that would otherwise be deferred after the Participant’s Separation
from Service, such an election shall terminate as of the date of the
Participant’s Separation from Service.  A Participant’s Restricted
Stock Deferral Account will be credited with the number of shares equal to the
Restricted Stock Deferral Amount, plus the number of shares equal to the amount
of any dividends on such Restricted Stock divided by the Fair Market Value for
the date such dividend
payment would have been made. Such amounts will be credited to a
Participant’s Restricted Stock Deferral Account as soon as administratively
feasible and shall be
reflected on the books of the Sponsor as an unfunded, unsecured promise to
deliver to the Participant a specific number of shares of Stock, upon a
Distribution Event in the future.  Such shares of Stock would
otherwise have been delivered to the Participant on a specified vesting date but
for the Participant’s election to defer.
      (2) Investment Only in
Stock –
The Participant’s unfunded, unsecured right to receive a number of shares
of Stock, equal in value (as of the date the Restricted Stock Deferral Election
was made), to the Restricted Stock Deferral Amount will be reflected on the
books of the Company. Dividends paid on Restricted Stock, while such Restricted
Stock is reflected in the Participant’s Restricted Stock Deferral Account, will
be credited to the Restricted Stock Deferral Account in the form of additional
shares of Stock.  The Participant shall not have a right to diversify
his Restricted Stock Deferral Account into Investment Alternatives nor to
receive cash equal to the value of the Stock reflected in such Restricted Stock
Deferral Account.
      (3) Vesting in the Restricted Stock
Deferral Account - The Participant shall vest in Restricted Stock
Deferral Amounts at the time the restrictions that would otherwise apply to the
Restricted Stock pursuant to any other agreement between the Company and the
Participant lapse, in accordance with the terms of such other
agreements.
      
        
            
              
                C.  
              
              
                Stock Option Gain Account – There shall be no additions
      to the Stock Option Gain Account after December 31, 2005.
              
            
        
      
      (1) Stock Option Gain
Amount –
Subject to any terms and conditions imposed by the Committee,
Participants may elect to defer, under the Plan, all or a portion of any
Qualifying Gains attributable to an Eligible Stock Option exercise, into his or
her Stock Option Gain Account. The amount deferred shall be known as the Stock
Option Gain Amount(s) and shall be reflected on the books of the Company as an
unfunded, unsecured promise to deliver to the Participant a specific number of
shares of Stock upon a Distribution Event in the future. Such shares of Stock
would otherwise have been delivered to the Participant, pursuant to the Eligible
Stock Option exercise, but for the Participant’s election to
defer.
      (2) Investment Only in Stock – The Participant’s
unfunded, unsecured right to receive a number of shares of Stock, equal in value
(measured as of the date of exercise of the Eligible Stock Option) to the Stock
Option Gain Amount will be reflected on the books of the Company. Dividends paid
on Stock while such Stock is reflected in the Participant’s Stock Option Gain
Account will be credited to the Stock Option Gain Account in the form of
additional shares of Stock. The Participant shall not have a right to diversify
the balance of his Stock Option Gain Account into Investment Alternatives nor to
receive cash equal to the value of the Stock reflected in such Stock Option Gain
Account.
      (3) Vesting in the Stock Option Gain
Account –
The Participant shall at all times be one hundred (100) percent vested in
his or her Stock Option Gain Account.
      
        
            
              
                VIII.  
              
              
                Method
      of Distribution
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Distribution of a
      Participant’s Plan Account balance will commence upon the Participant
      reaching a Distribution Event selected by the Participant on his Deferral
      Election Forms. The Participant shall have the ability to elect to receive
      distribution of his or her Plan Account balances as follows in the Participant’s
      initial election with respect to each annual
      deferral:
              
            
        
      
      (1) Compensation Deferral Account
Balance –
The Participant’s Compensation Deferral Account balance shall be payable
only in the form of cash and shall be distributed in either a lump sum payment
or in substantially equal annual installments over a predetermined number of
years, selected by the Participant on his or her Compensation Deferral Election
Forms. Payments made in
substantially equal annual installments shall each be a separate payment to be
made on or about the first day of April in each Plan Year in which a payment is
due.  If annual installments are selected by the Participant,
the initial installment shall be based on the value of the Participant’s
Compensation Deferral Account, measured just prior to distribution, and shall be
equal to l/n (where ‘n’ is equal to the total number of annual installments not
yet distributed). Subsequent installment shall be computed in a consistent
fashion, with the measurement date being the anniversary of the original
measurement date.
      (2) Restricted Stock Deferral
Account –
The Participant’s Restricted Stock Deferral Account balance shall be
payable in the form of Stock. Restricted Stock Deferral Account balances shall
be distributed in either a lump sum or in equal annual installments over a
predetermined number of years selected by the Participant on his Restricted
Stock Deferral Election Forms. With respect to Stock, the number of shares of
Stock distributed as an annual installment will be equal to the number of whole
shares in the Participant’s Restricted Stock Deferral Account on the date of the
first distribution date, divided by the number of years elected by the
Participant. Any fractional shares in the Participant’s Restricted Stock
Deferral Account will be liquidated on the date of the final installment payment
and paid in cash to the Participant.   The original
measurement date shall be April 1st of the first year of the series of
payments.  Lump sums shall be paid on the first day of April next
following the Plan Year of Participant’s Distribution
Event.
      (3) Stock Option Gain
Account –
The Participant’s Stock Option Gain Account balance shall be payable only
in the form of Stock and shall be distributed in either a lump sum or in equal
annual installments of Stock over a predetermined number of years selected by
the Participant on his Deferral Election Form. If the annual distribution method
is elected, the number of shares of Stock distributed as an annual installment
will be equal to the number of whole shares in the Participant’s Stock Option
Gain Account on the date of the first distribution date, divided by the number
of years elected by the Participant. Any fractional shares in the Participant’s
Stock Option Gain Account will be liquidated on the date of the final
installment payment and paid in cash to the Participant
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Payment
      Date – The lump sums shall be paid
      or annual installments will commence on or about April lst subsequent to
      the Plan Year
      of Participant’s
      applicable Distribution Event and continuing on each April lst until all
      annual installments have been
  distributed.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                C.  
              
              
                Withdrawals
      Permitted During Calendar Year 2005 – In accordance with
      IRS Notice 2005-1, Q&A
      20(a), a Participant may make an election to wholly or partially terminate
      his participation in the Plan and cancel his deferral elections with
      regard to, and only with regard to, all or any part of his Accounts as of
      December 31, 2005; provided that any Participant who so elects shall
      receive a payment of such portion of his or her Account as he or she
      elects during December of 2005, which shall be includible in the
      Participant’s income in the calendar year 2005 (or if later on the date of
      vesting). A Participant shall make his election to wholly or partially
      terminate his participation in the Plan in accordance with procedures
      established by the
Committee.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                D.  
              
              
                New
      Payment Elections Permitted by December 31,
      2006 – In accordance with
      IRS Notice 2005-1 Q&A
      19(c), Participants shall be permitted to make new payment elections by
      delivery of a new Deferral Election Form to
      the Committee on
      or before December 31, 2006. Such new payment elections
      may specify a new Distribution Event and a new payment method for all or
      part of existing deferral accounts; provided, however, that Participants
      cannot change payment elections with respect to payments that they would
      otherwise receive during 2006, or to cause payments to be made in 2006. A
      Participant shall make new payment elections in accordance with procedures
      established by the Committee.

              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                E.  
              
              
                Distribution on
      Account of Unforeseeable Emergency – A Participant may
      apply to the Committee to receive a distribution from his Account
      (hereinafter called a “Hardship Withdrawal”), which the Committee may
      approve in its sole discretion if it determines that the Participant has
      an unforeseeable emergency as hereinafter defined. No Hardship Withdrawal
      shall be in an amount greater than the lesser of (i) the amount needed to
      satisfy such emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably
      anticipated as a result of the distribution, or (ii) the balance of the
      Participant’s Account on the date of such Hardship Withdrawal. An
      unforeseeable emergency is defined as a severe financial hardship
      resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the
      Participant’s spouse, or of a dependent (as defined in Code Section
      152(a)), loss of the Participant’s
      property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary
      and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the
      control of the
Participant.
              
            
        
      
      i.           A distribution on account of
unforeseeable emergency may not be made to the extent that such emergency is or
may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation from insurance or
otherwise, or by liquidation of the Participant’s assets, to the extent the
liquidation of such assets would not cause severe financial hardship.
Distributions because of unforeseeable emergency must be limited to the amount
reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need, which may include amounts
necessary to pay any federal, state or local income taxes or penalties
reasonably anticipated from the distribution. 
      
        
            
              
                F.  
              
              
                Payment on Account of Change of Control
      – Not later than December 31,
      2008, Participants in the Plan as of December 1, 2008, may elect to
      receive a lump sum payment or begin installment payments upon a Change of
      Control or elect that payment shall be made only upon a Distribution Event
      in accordance with his/her initial election; any Participant who becomes
      eligible to participate after December 1, 2008, shall make such election
      regarding distributions upon Change of Control on the initial enrollment
      or election form.  If no election is made regarding the manner
      of distribution upon a Change of Control, distribution shall be made in
      accordance with the Participant’s election after a Distribution
      Event.  Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, in no event shall a Participant’s Restricted Stock Deferral
      Accounts or
      Stock Option Gain Deferral Accounts be paid prior to the time or schedule
      and terms and conditions as payments to shareholders generally pursuant to
      a change in the ownership of a corporation. If the Participant does not
      elect to receive an immediate distribution of his or Restricted Stock
      Deferral Account, the shares of Stock held in his or her Restricted Stock
      Deferral Account will be replaced with shares of stock in the new or
      acquiring entity, which have an equivalent market
      value.  Notwithstanding any election
      of the Participant, in the event the Committee determines a Change of
      Control as defined in Section III F of this Plan occurred,
      the Participant’s for which a lump sum payment has been elected as of the
      date of a Change of Control may not be paid before such date which is six
      months and one day following the date on which such Change in Control
      occurred.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                G.  
              
              
                Required Payment
      Delay – For
      any Participant who is a Specified Employee no payment shall be made under
      Article VIII until the date which is six months and one day after the date
      on which he Separates from Service.  On such date, any payments
      which would have been made in the absence of this Section G shall be paid in one
      payment and all subsequent payments shall be paid in accordance with the
      Participant’s election in effect for such
      amounts.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                IX.  
              
              
                Change
      in Distribution Schedule
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Death of Participant – In the event of the death of
      a Participant before distribution of the Participant’s Account balance has
      commenced or been completed, the Trustee shall pay the remaining balance
      of any deferred amount in one lump sum, to the individual designated as
      primary beneficiary on the latest executed Notice of Change of Beneficiary
      form on file, within a reasonable time period but not later than one
      hundred (100) days after the date of the Participant’s death. If the
      primary beneficiary designated on the latest executed Notice of Change of
      Beneficiary form is no longer living at the time of the Participant’s
      death, the Trustee shall pay the remaining balance of any deferred amount
      in one lump sum to the individual designated as secondary beneficiary on
      the latest executed Notice of Change of Beneficiary form on file. If the
      Secondary Beneficiary designated on the latest executed Notice of Change
      of Beneficiary form is no longer living at the time of the Participant’s
      death, the Trustee shall pay the remaining balance of any deferred amount
      in one lump sum to the Participant’s
      estate.
              
            
        
      
      If
the Participant wishes to change the beneficiary, the Participant may do so at
any time by submitting a new Notice of Change of Beneficiary form to the
Committee, which form shall become effective upon receipt by the
Committee.
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Permanent Disability of the
      Participant – In the event of permanent
      disability (as defined below) before distribution of a Participant’s
      Account balance has commenced or been completed, the Trustee shall pay the balance of the
      Participant’s Account in one lump sum. on the date that is six
      months and one day following the Committee’s determination of the
      Participant’s disability. Such payouts shall be made to
      the Participant or the legal representative of such Participant subject to
      Section
    XVI.C.
              
            
        
      
      The Participant will
be considered permanently disabled for purposes of this Plan if, based on
medical evidence, the Committee determines that the Participant (i) is totally
disabled, mentally or physically and is expected to remain so for at
least 12 months, (ii) will remain so for
the rest of his or her life; and (iii) is therefore unable to continue to
provide his or her services to the Company and has been receiving income
replacement benefit payments from an accident plan sponsored by the Company for
at least three months.
      
        
            
              
                C.  
              
              
                Change in
      Distribution Date – If a Participant wishes to
      modify the payment schedule noted in Section VIII, any such election to delay
      or change the form, time or schedule of payments may not take effect for
      at least 12 months after the date on which the election is
      made.  Any election to defer a payment upon a specified date or
      specified time or upon a separation from service provided hereunder must
      be made and provided to the Company more than one (1) year before such
      payment becomes payable and must defer payment as provided
      below.  For any election to defer a payment for a payment upon a
      Separation from Service or upon a specified  time and not for a
      payment on account of Disability, death of a Participant, or an
      Unforeseeable Emergency (i.e., for a payment on Separation from Service or
      a payment on a specified date), the subsequent election must defer the
      payment for not less than 5 years from the date such payment would have
      otherwise been paid and any amount to be paid as an annuity shall be
      treated as a single payment payable on the date the first amount would
      have been paid.  The plan must require the election related to
      the time or form of payment to be made not less than 12 months before the
      date the payment is scheduled to be paid or the date of the first
      payment.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                D.  
              
              
                Permitted Payment
      Delays (Treas. Reg. §
      1.409A-2(b)(2))
              
            
        
      
      (1) Amounts to be paid as described in
Article VIII may be deferred beyond their established payment date where the
Company reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate
Federal securities laws or other applicable laws; provided that the Company
makes the payment at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably
anticipates that making such payment will not cause such
violation.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii).
      (2) Amounts to be paid as described in
Article VIII may be deferred beyond their established payment date where the
Company reasonably anticipates that the Company’s federal income tax deduction
with respect to such payment otherwise would be limited or eliminated by
application of section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the “Code”), provided the payment will be paid either during the participant’s
first taxable year in which the Company reasonably anticipates, or should
reasonably anticipate that if the payment is made in that year, the deduction of
such payment will not be barred by application of Code section 162(m), or during
the period beginning with the date the participant separates from service and
ending on the later of the last day of the taxable year of the Participant in
which the Participant Separated from Service on the 15th day of the third month
following the Participant’s Separation from Service, and provided further that
if there was any scheduled payment to the Participant in a Participant’s taxable
year is delayed due to deductibility under Code section 162(m), the delay in
payment will constitute a subsequent deferral unless all scheduled payments to
such participant that could be delayed under this section are also
delayed.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-2(b)(7)(i).
      (3) The payment may be delayed if the
making of the payment of the date specified under the Plan would jeopardize the
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern and the payment will be
treated as made on the date specified provided it is made during the first
taxable year of the Participant in which making the payment would not have such
effect.  Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(d).
      
        
            
              
                E.  
              
              
                Accelerations of
      Benefits – No benefit payment time or
      schedule under this Plan shall be accelerated.  No Participant
      shall have a direct or indirect election or any discretion regarding
      whether the Company exercises its discretion to accelerate a
      payment.  The following are the only permitted payment
      accelerations:
              
            
        
      
      (1) Domestic Relations Orders – The time or schedule of payments
under this Agreement may be accelerated for a payment to an individual other
than the Participant to the extent necessary to fulfill a domestic relations
order.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii).
      (2) Limited Cashouts – A Participant’s benefit
automatically shall be paid, at the Company’s election, in a lump sum (1) the
Participant’s entire interest under this Agreement and under all Similar
Arrangements that would constitute a nonqualified deferred compensation plan
under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2) are paid, (2) the payment is not
greater than the dollar limit on elective deferrals in Code section
402(g)(1)(B), (3) the Participant is provided no election with respect to
receipt of the lump sum payment, and (4) the Company documents in writing its
exercise of discretion with respect to this payment on or before the date such
payment is made.  Such payment shall comply with Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(v).
      (3) Employment Tax Payment – The time or schedule of payments
may be accelerated to the extent necessary to pay the Federal Insurance
Contributions Act (FICA) tax imposed under Code sections 3101, 3121(a) and
3121(v)(2), where applicable, on compensation deferred under this Agreement or
the Railroad Retirement Act tax under Code section 3201 (the “FICA
Amount”).  The time or schedule of payments may be accelerated to pay
the federal income tax withholding at the source on wages imposed by Code
section 3401 or the corresponding withholding provisions of applicable state,
local or foreign tax laws as a result of the payment of the FICA Amount and to
pay the additional income tax on wages attributing to the pyramiding of Code
section 3401 wages and taxes related to the payment of the FICA
Amount.  However, the total payment under this Section IX.E(3) shall not exceed the
aggregate of the FICA Amount and the income tax withholding related to such FICA
Amount.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi).
      (4) 409A Failure Income Inclusion – The time or schedule of
payments may be accelerated to provide a payment to the Participant when the
Plan fails to comply with the requirements of Code section 409A and the guidance
thereunder; provided such payment shall be limited to the amount the Participant
is required to include in his/her income as a result of such failure to comply
with Code section 409A and the final regulations thereunder.  Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vii).
      (5) Cancellation of Deferrals Following
an Unforeseeable Emergency or Hardship Distribution – The Participant may cancel
his/her deferral election due to an unforeseen emergency or the Participant
taking a hardship withdrawal from the 401(k) plan in which he/she participates
pursuant to Treasury Regulation § l.401(k)-1(d)(3); provided the deferral
election under this Agreement is cancelled and not postponed or otherwise
delayed, and any later deferral election shall be subject to the regulations
governing initial deferral elections under Code section 409A and Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-2(a).  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(viii).
      (6) Conflicts of Interest – Payment time or schedule may be
accelerated under the Plan to the extent necessary for any Federal officer or
employee in the executive branch to comply with any ethics agreement with the
Federal government.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(iii)(A).
      The time or schedule of payments
under the plan for a payment under the plan may be accelerated and paid to the
extent reasonably necessary to avoid violation of an applicable Federal, state,
local or foreign ethics law or conflicts of interest law.  A payment
is reasonably necessary to avoid violation of such laws if it is necessary as
part of a course of action that results in compliance with such laws and such
laws would be violated under such course of action.
      (7) Termination of Plan – This Plan may be terminated with
respect to the Participants if either 1, 2, or 3 below is
satisfied:
      (a) The Company in its sole discretion
and pursuant to the terms of this Arrangement decides to terminate this NQDC
Plan within twelve (12) months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code
section 331, or with the approval of the bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C.
503(b)(1)(A); provided that the amounts deferred under the NQDC Plan for the
Participants are included in the Participants’ gross income by the latest of (or
if earlier, the taxable year in which the amount is actually or constructively
received):
      1. the calendar year in which the NQDC
Plan termination and liquidation occurred;
      2. the first calendar year in which
the amount is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture;
or
      3. the first calendar year in which
the payment is administratively practicable.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-             3 (j) (4)(viv)(A).
      (b) The Company may, in its sole
discretion, pursuant to an irrevocable action taken by the Company within the
thirty (30) days preceding or the twelve (12) months following a change in
control (as such phrase is defined in Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5))
terminate and liquidate the NQDC Plan provided this shall only apply to a
payment under the Plan if all agreements, programs and other arrangements
sponsored by the Company immediately after the change in control event that are
treated as deferred under a single plan under Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and liquidated with respect to each Participant
that experienced the change in control event so that under the terms of the
termination and liquidation all such Participants are required to receive all
amounts of deferred compensation under the aggregated terminated agreements,
programs and other arrangements within twelve (12) months of the date the
Company irrevocably took all necessary action to terminate and liquidate such
arrangements pursuant to Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B).  The Company taking such actions to terminate
such NQDC Plans under this Section IX.E(7) must be the Company that is
primarily liable immediately after the change in control transaction (as defined
under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5) for payment of the deferred
compensation under this Plan.
      (c) The Company may, in its sole
discretion, pursuant to the terms of this Plan terminate the Arrangement
provided:
      1. The termination and liquidation of
the Plan is not proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the service
recipient or Company;
      2. All Plans sponsored by the Company
or its Affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated Arrangement as a
NQDC Plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2), if the Participant
participated in and had deferrals under all Arrangements, are terminated and
liquidated;
      3. No payments in liquidation of the
Plan, other than payments payable under the terms of the Plan if the termination
had not occurred, are made within twelve (12) months of the date on which the
Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the
Plan;
      4. All payments are made within
twenty-four (24) months of the date the Company took all action to irrevocably
terminate and liquidate the Arrangement; and
      5. The Company does not adopt a new
Arrangement that would be aggregated with any terminated Plan as a NQDC Plan
under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c) if the Participant participated in both
Arrangements at any time within three (3) years immediately following the date
the service recipient took all actions necessary to irrevocably terminate and
liquidate the Plan under Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(C).
      
        
            
              
                F.  
              
              
                Cancellation of
      Deferral Elections Due to Disability – The Participant’s deferral
      election may be canceled provided the cancellation occurs by the later of
      the end of the taxable year of the Participant or the 15th day of the
      third month following the date the Participant suffered a
      disability.  Such disability for the purposes of a deferral
      election cancellation shall be deemed to exist if the Participant suffers
      a physical or mental impairment that results in the Participant being
      unable to perform the duties of his or her position or any substantially
      similar position where the impairment is expected to (1) last for a
      continuous period of not less than six months, or (2) to result in
      death.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(xii).
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                G.  
              
              
                Bona Fide
      Disputes as to a Right to a Payment – If the Company and the
      Participant have an arm’s-length bona fide dispute as to the Participant’s
      right to a deferred amount, the Plan may accelerate the time or schedule
      of payments or the Plan may make a payment as part of the settlement of
      such dispute.  However, there shall not be any discretion with
      respect to accelerating any time or schedule of payment other than for
      purposes of settling an arm’s-length dispute as to the Participant’s right
      to a payment.  Only payments for which there is a substantial
      reduction (25 percent or more) in the amount payable shall be deemed to be
      eligible to be treated as payments under this Section IX.G.  Treasury
      Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiv).
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                H.  
              
              
                Payment of State,
      Local or Foreign Taxes – The Plan may accelerate the
      time and form of payment to reflect the Plan’s payment of state, local or
      foreign taxes arising out of the Participant’s participation in the Plan,
      to reflect such tax payments related to amounts deferred under the Plan
      before such amounts are paid or made available to the
      Participant.  Such accelerated payments may be made by payment
      of the withholding taxes on behalf of the Participants in accordance with
      applicable state, local or foreign laws, including federal income tax
      withholdings.  However, the total payments accelerated under
      this Section IX.H must not exceed the sum of
      the state, local and foreign tax amounts and the income tax withholding
      related to such amounts.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(xi).
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                X.  
              
              
                Offset
      for Obligations to Company
              
            
        
      
      If the Participant
has any debt, obligation or other liability representing an amount owing to the
Company or any affiliate of the Company, the time or schedule of payments
may be accelerated under the NQDC Plan to satisfy the debt a Participant owes to
the Company, where such debt was incurred in the ordinary course of the service
relationship between the parties, the entire amount of the reduction in any of
the Participant’s taxable years does not exceed $5,000, and the reduction is
made at the same time and in the same amount as the debt otherwise would have
been due and collected from the Participant.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiii).
      
        
            
              
                XI.  
              
              
                Liability
      of Company
              
            
        
      
      Except
as provided below, all contributions and distributions to be made as required by
this Plan shall be obligations of the Sponsor. On the basis of the information
furnished by the Committee, the Trustee shall keep separate books and records
concerning the affairs of each Participating Employer hereunder and as to the
accounts and credits of the Participants of each Participating
Employer.
      
        
            
              
                XII.  
              
              
                Rights
      of a Participant
              
            
        
      
      Establishment
of the Plan shall not be construed as giving any Participant the right to be
retained in the Company’s service or employ or the right to receive any benefits
not specifically provided by the Plan.
      Compensation,
Qualifying Gain, and Restricted Stock deferred under this Plan will not be
segregated from the general funds of the Company, and no Participant will have
any claim on any specific assets of the Company. To the extent that any
Participant acquires a right to receive benefits under this Plan, his or her
right will be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the
Company and is not assignable or transferable except to the Participant’s estate
as defined in Section
IX.
      
        
            
              
                XIII.  
              
              
                Amendment
      and Termination
              
            
        
      
      The
Board may amend, modify, or terminate the Plan at any time. No amendment,
modification, or termination shall reduce any benefits accrued or rights
entitled to by any Participant prior to such amendment, modification, or
termination.
      
        
            
              
                XIV.  
              
              
                Determination
      of Benefits
              
            
        
      
      See
Appendix A.
      
        
            
              
                XV.  
              
              
                Notices
              
            
        
      
      Notices
and elections under this Plan must be in writing. A notice or election is deemed
delivered if it is delivered personally or mailed by registered or certified
mail to the person at his or her last known business address.
      
        
            
              
                XVI.  
              
              
                General
      Provisions
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Controlling Law – Except to the extent
      superseded by federal law, the laws of the State of Texas shall be controlling in all
      matters relating to the Plan, including construction and performance
      thereof.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Captions – The captions of sections and
      paragraphs of this Plan are for the convenience of reference only and
      shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of its
      provisions.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                C.  
              
              
                Facility of Payment – Any amounts payable hereunder
      to any Participant who is under legal disability or who, in the judgment
      of the Committee, is unable to properly manage his or her financial
      affairs may be paid to the legal representative of such Participant or may
      be applied for the benefit of such Participant in any manner which the
      Committee may select, and any such payment shall be deemed to be payment
      for such Participant’s Account and shall be a complete discharge of all
      liability of the Company with respect to the amount so
      paid.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                D.  
              
              
                Withholding of Payroll Taxes – The Company shall withhold
      from a Participant’s Compensation, all federal, state and local income,
      employment and other taxes required to be withheld by the Company with
      respect to any deferrals under the Plan, in amounts and in a manner to be
      determined in the sole discretion of the
      Company.
              
            
        
      
      The
Company, or the Trustee of the Trust, shall withhold from any distributions made
to a Participant under this Plan, all federal, state and local income,
employment, and other taxes required to be withheld by the Company or the
Trustee of the Trust, in connection with such distributions, in amounts and in a
manner to be determined in the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Trustee
of the Trust.
      
        
            
              
                E.  
              
              
                Administrative Expenses – All expenses of administering
      the Plan shall be borne by the Company. No part thereof shall be charged
      against any Participant’s Account or any amounts distributable
      hereunder.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                F.  
              
              
                Severability – Any provision of this Plan
      prohibited by the law of any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
      be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition without invalidating the
      remaining provisions
  hereof.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                G.  
              
              
                No Liabilities – Except as otherwise expressly
      provided herein, no member of the Board of Directors of the Company and no
      officer, employee, or agent of the Company shall have any liability to any
      person, firm, or corporation based on or arising out of the Plan, except
      in the case of gross negligence or
    fraud.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                H.  
              
              
                Binding on all Successors – In the event of a Change of
      Control, any surviving or acquiring corporation shall (i) assume the Plan
      and all obligations hereunder, and (ii) agree to substitute shares of
      common stock of such surviving or acquiring corporation for shares of
      Stock in this Plan. In the event any surviving or acquiring corporation
      refuses to assume the terms set out in this section, then each Participant
      will receive the balance in his or her Compensation Deferral Account in a
      single lump sum of cash payable on the date that is
      six months and one day following the Change of Control.  Amounts
      in the
      Compensation Deferral Account and the Restricted Stock Deferral
      Account shall be
      paid in accordance with the terms of the most recent Deferral Elections
      related to such amounts unless a timely election has been made for a
      distribution at Change of Control.
  
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                I.  
              
              
                Section 16(b) – Notwithstanding any provision
      to the contrary, Participants who are actually or potentially subject to
      section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, shall be
      subject to any procedures adopted by the Committee, including without
      limitation the delay of any payment from a Participant’s Restricted Stock
      Deferral Account and/or Stock Option Gain
      Account.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                J.  
              
              
                Section 162(m) Deduction Limitation – In the event the Company
      would be denied a deduction for amounts otherwise payable in any Plan Year
      to a Participant under Section VIII by reason of the application
      of section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may
      reduce any payment otherwise due to such Participant (but not below zero)
      to the extent necessary to avoid such application of section 162(m) and
      such amount not paid and the net earnings or dividend equivalents thereon
      shall be paid to the Participant in the earliest Plan Year(s) in which
      payment may be made without application of section
      162(m).
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                XVII.  
              
              
                Unfunded
      Status of Plan
              
            
        
      
      It
is the intention of the parties that the arrangements herein described be
unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA. Plan
Participants have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Company or
any Participating Company. The Plan constitutes a mere promise by the Company to
make payments in the future.
      The
Company may establish the Trust(s) with the Trustee, pursuant to such terms and
conditions as are set forth in the Trust agreement(s) to be entered into between
the Company and the Trustee. The Trust is intended to be treated as a “grantor”
trust under the Code and the establishment of the Trust is not intended to cause
Participants to realize current income on amounts contributed thereto, and the
Trust shall be so interpreted.
      
        
            
              
                XVIII.  
              
              
                Rights
      to Benefits
              
            
        
      
      A
Participant’s rights’ to benefit payments under the Plan are not subject in any
manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance, attachment, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the
Participant’s beneficiaries. 
      
        
            
              
                XIX.  
              
              
                Code Section 409A
      Compliance
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Prohibition on
      Accelerations and Changes in Time and Form of Payment – No payment of any amount due
      under this Program shall be accelerated unless such acceleration is
      provide for in Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-3(j).  No payment of
      any amount due hereunder shall be delayed beyond the time specified for
      payment herein except to the extent such delay is one of the delays for
      which the payment is treated as made upon the date specified in the plan
      under Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-3(d),  if the payment is a
      disputed payment under Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-3(g), or if the payment
      was delayed pursuant to Treas. Reg. section
      1.409A-2(b)(7).  This Program shall not permit any subsequent
      changes in the time or form of payment or subsequent elections (as such
      phrase is defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-2(b)) which would defer
      the payment of amounts specified to be paid
      hereunder.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Construction
      Consistent with Treasury Regulations – In applying the terms and
      conditions of this Program, the following principles shall be
      applicable:
              
            
        
      
      (1) Construction of Ambiguities. In
construing any ambiguity regarding a matter that bears upon the compliance of
this Program with the requirements of Code section 409A, the Committee shall, to
the extent possible, construe such ambiguity in a manner consistent with the
requirements Code section 409A and the final regulations issued
thereunder.
      
        
            
              
                C.  
              
              
                Good Faith
      Compliance – This amended and restated
      Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2008.  This Plan was
      operated in good faith compliance with the requirements of section 409A of
      the Code, Notice 2005-1, and Proposed Treasury Regulation sections
      1.409A-1 through 3 and 6 for periods from January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2007.  For periods from
      January 1,
      2008 through December 31, 2008, this Plan was operated in
      good faith compliance with section 409A of the Code, Treasury Regulation
      sections 1.409A-1 through 3 and 6, and to the extent an issue was not
      addressed in such authorities, in good faith compliance with Notice
      2005-1.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                D.  
              
              
                Initial Election – Such election may be filed
      within 30 days of the first date the Participant became eligible to
      participate in any account balance type of nonqualified deferred
      compensation plan maintained by the Company or any of its Affiliates
      subject to section 409A of the Code with the type of plan determined under
      Treas. Reg. §
1.409A-1(c).
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                E.  
              
              
                Election Filing – All elections must be filed
      with the Committee or the designated third party
      administrator.  An election is deemed filed with the Committee
      on the business date it is received by the Committee or the third party
      administrator, the date it is postmarked by the U.S. Postal Service as
      mailed to the Committee via first class U.S. mail, priority mail or
      express mail and is properly addressed, or the date it is received by an
      overnight courier service and is properly addressed.  Elections
      must be addressed to the following to be properly
      addressed:
              
            
        
      
      

        
          
             

          
          
             

             

          
          
             

          
        
                       
Alcon Executive Deferred Compensation Plan Committee
        6201 South
Freeway,
        Fort Worth, Texas 76134,
                      
or the third party administrator of the Plan which information shall be provided
to Participants.
        
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Sponsor has caused this Plan to be executed this the 18th day of December,
2008.
        
        
        ALCON
LABORATORIES, INC.
        
        
        By:
        
        
        
        /s/ Cary Rayment
        Cary
Rayment, Chairman of the Board,
        Chief
Executive Officer and President
        
        
        By:
        
        
        
        /s/ Richard
Croarkin
        Richard
Croarkin, Sr. Vice President, Finance
        and Chief
Financial Officer
        
      
        
           

        
        
           

           

        
        
           

        
      
      APPENDIX
A
      
        
            
              
                I.
              
              
                Determination
      of Benefits
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Claim – A person who believes that he
      is being denied a benefit to which he is entitled under the Plan
      (hereinafter referred to as a “Claimant”) may file a written request for
      such benefit with the Company, setting forth his claim. The request must
      be addressed to the Board of the Company related to the Participant at its
      then principal place of
  business.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Claim Decision – Upon receipt of a claim, the
      Company shall advise the Claimant that a reply will be forthcoming within
      ninety (90) days and shall, in fact, deliver such reply within such
      period. The Company may, however, extend the reply period for an
      additional ninety (90) days for reasonable cause. If the claim is denied
      in whole or in part, the Company shall adopt a written report, using
      language calculated to be understood by the Claimant, setting
      forth:
              
            
        
      
      (1) The
specific reason or reasons for such denial;
      (2) The
specific reference to pertinent provisions of this Plan upon which such denial
is based;
      (3) A
description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant
to clarify his claim and an explanation why such material or such information is
necessary;
      (4) Appropriate
information as to the steps to be taken if the Claimant wishes to submit the
claim for review; and
      (5) The
time limits for requesting a review.
      
        
            
              
                C.  
              
              
                Request for a Review – Within sixty (60) days after
      the receipt by the Claimant of the written report described above, the
      Claimant may request in writing that the Board review the determination of
      the Company. Such request must be addressed to the Board’s principal place
      of business. The Claimant or his duly authorized representative may, but
      need not, review the pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in
      writing for consideration by the Company. If the Claimant does not request
      a review of the Company’s determination by the Board within such sixty
      (60) day period, he shall be barred and stopped from challenging the
      Company’s
determination.
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                D.  
              
              
                Review of Decision – Within sixty (60) days after
      the Board’s receipt of a request for review, they will review the
      Company’s determinations. After considering all materials presented by the
      Claimant, the Board will render a written report, written in a manner
      calculated to be understood by the Claimant, setting forth the specific
      reasons for the decision and containing specific references to the
      pertinent provisions of this Plan on which the decision is based. If
      special circumstances require that the sixty (60) day time period be
      extended, the Board will so notify the Claimant and will render the
      decision as soon as possible, but no later than one hundred twenty (120)
      days after receipt of the request for
      review.