acl0309plnchangesex994.htm




    
    Exhibit
99.4
    
    
    
    THE
EXECUTIVE SALARY CONTINUATION PLAN II
    FOR
    ALCON, INC. AS SUCCESSOR TO
    ALCON
UNIVERSAL LTD.
    AND
    AFFILIATED
COMPANIES
    
    
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Effective
January 1, 2008
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    EXECUTIVE
SALARY CONTINUATION PLAN II
    FOR
    ALCON, INC. AS SUCCESSOR TO
    ALCON
UNIVERSAL LTD.
    AND
    AFFILIATED
COMPANIES
    
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    
    TABLE
OF CONTENTS
    
    ARTICLE I: PLAN
DESCRIPTION 1
    
    ARTICLE
II:  DEFINITIONS 2
    
    ARTICLE III:  ESCP II
BENEFITS 10
    
    ARTICLE
IV:  VESTING 14
    
    ARTICLE
V:  OWNERSHIP CHANGE BENEFITS 15
    
    ARTICLE
VI:  LIMITATIONS AND
FORFEITURES 17
    
    ARTICLE VII:  AUTHORITY TO
ADMINISTER 18
    
    ARTICLE
VIII:  MISCELLANEOUS 20
    
    SIGNATURE AND
ATTESTATION 30
    
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    
    THE
    EXECUTIVE
SALARY CONTINUATION PLAN II
    FOR
    ALCON, INC. AS SUCCESSOR TO
    ALCON
UNIVERSAL LTD.
    AND
    AFFILIATED
COMPANIES
    
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    
    ARTICLE I: PLAN
DESCRIPTION
    
    The
Executive Salary Continuation Plan II (“ESCP II”) is an unfunded retirement plan
with certain death and disability benefits. Participation is limited to key
employees (“ESCP II Participants”) of Alcon, Inc.
as successor to Alcon Universal Ltd. and its operationally related
affiliates who adopt the ESCP II and agree to pay the amounts necessary to
fulfill its obligation for administrative expenses and benefits under ESCP
II.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE I
    
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
II:  DEFINITIONS
    
    For
purposes of the ESCP II, the following definitions shall apply unless the
context requires otherwise:
    
    2.01           “Affiliate” shall mean all entities that are in the same
controlled group as the Company under Code sections 414(b) and (c) with control
or ownership being tested using “at least 80%” as the
threshold.
    
    2.02           “Alcon Affiliated
Company” means any legal entity directly or indirectly owned or
controlled by Nestlé S.A.  Alcon, Inc. shall be deemed controlled by
Nestlé S.A. and all entities directly or indirectly controlled by
Alcon, Inc. shall be deemed owned or controlled using an 80% standard shall be
considered part of the service recipient under Code section
409A.  Notwithstanding the above, Nestlé S.A. shall be in control of
the Alcon entities using a 75% control threshold for purposes of identifying
Alcon Affiliates, but shall not be deemed to be an Affiliate or part of the
controlled group of Alcon, Inc. for purposes of section 409A of the
Code.
    
    2.03           “Applicable Penalty
Percentage” means the percentage by which an ESCP II Participant’s Normal
Retirement Benefit will be reduced based upon the ESCP II Participant’s age on
the date of Separation from Service as determined pursuant to subparagraph
3.01(b)(ii).
    
    2.04           “Arrangement” shall mean the individual agreement between the
Company and the Participant under the Plan.
    
    2.05           “Averaged Annual Base
Salary’’ means one-third (1/3) of the ESCP II Participant’s aggregate
annual base salary in effect the year of such ESCP II Participant’s separation
from service and for the two (2) years preceding such ESCP II Participant’s
Separation from Service.
    
    2.06           “ESCP II Committee”
means the officers of Alcon, Inc. as successor to
Alcon Universal Ltd. who have
been delegated authority by the Board of Directors of Alcon, Inc. as successor to Alcon Universal Ltd. to
administer this ESCP II.
    
    2.07           “Company” means Alcon, Inc. and any successor
thereto.
    
    2.08           “Designated
Beneficiary” shall mean the person
designated by the ESCP II Participant to receive his/her benefit upon the ESCP
II Participant’s death under this Agreement and the Plan on the form specified
by the Company.  In the event the ESCP II Participant does not
complete a beneficiary designation form, it shall mean the ESCP II Participant’s
surviving spouse, if the ESCP II Participant is married.  In the event
no beneficiary is designated on the specified form and the ESCP II Participant
is not married on the date of his/her death, the ESCP II Participant’s benefit
shall be paid to the ESCP II Participant’s Estate and it shall be the Designated
Beneficiary.
    
    2.09           “Disability” shall mean the ESCP II Participant shall be deemed to
have become Disabled for purposes of paragraph I, if the ESCP II Participant is
unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in
death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months; or if the ESCP II Participant is, by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in
death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than
three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the
ESCP II Participant’s employer; or an ESCP II Participant will be deemed
disabled if the ESCP II Participant is determined to be totally disabled by the
Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board.  An ESCP
II Participant may be determined to be disabled by a disability insurance
program, provided the definition of disability used by such disability insurance
program complies with Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(4).  This
definition shall exclude:
    
    (a)           any
condition incurred as a result of or incidental to a criminal act perpetrated by
the ESCP II Participant; and
    
    (b)           any
condition resulting from excessive use of drugs or narcotics or from willful,
self-inflicted injury; provided, however, that a condition shall constitute a
Disability only if the ESCP II Participant incurs such condition prior to the
termination of his/her employment with all Alcon Affiliated
Companies.
    
    2.10           “Domestic Relations
Order” shall mean any judgment, decree, or
order (including approval of a property settlement agreement) which (i) relates
to the provision of child support, alimony payments, or marital property rights
to a spouse, former spouse, child or other dependent of a ESCP II Participant,
and (2) is made pursuant to a State domestic relations law (including a
community property law).
    
    2.11           “Early Retirement Age”
means age fifty-five (55).
    
    2.12           “Eligible Employee”
means an individual employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company who is determined by
the ESCP II Committee to be a key employee based upon grade level, job duties,
and/or job performance and who is not a participant in the Alcon Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. International Umbrella Plan or any other retirement plan sponsored by an
Alcon Affiliated Company determined by ESCP II Committee to be similar to or the
equivalent of the ESCP II.
    
    2.13           “ESCP II Benefit(s)”
means the Normal Retirement Benefit or Reduced Normal Retirement due an ESCP II
Participant, Surviving Spouse, as a result of termination of employment of an
ESCP II Participant with a Vested Percentage, an ESCP II Participant’s
Disability while employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company or an ESCP II
Participant’s death.
    
    2.14           “ESCP II Participant”
means an Eligible Employee who has been designated as an ESCP II Participant in
ESCP II by the ESCP II Committee in its sole and absolute
discretion.
    
    2.15           “Normal Retirement Age”
means age sixty-two (62).
    
    2.16           “Normal Retirement
Benefit” means an amount equal to the Vested Percentage times the ESCP II
Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary.
    
    2.17           “NQDC Plan” shall mean any agreement, method or arrangement,
including one of the above that applies to one person or
individual.  An agreement, method or arrangement may be a plan for
this purpose even if it is not an employee benefit plan under section 3(3) of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  A
NQDC Plan includes all arrangements that are recognized in the final regulations
issued under Code section 409A as a separate category or type of plan that must
be aggregated as a separate type of NQDC Plan under Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(c) and any successor thereto.
    
    2.18           “Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit”
means the Normal Retirement Benefit reduced by the Applicable Penalty Percentage
as determined pursuant to subparagraph 3.01(b) with the resulting amount
multiplied times the Vested Percentage.
    
    2.19           “Separation from
Service” shall mean
for:
    
    (a) an ESCP II Participant acting as an independent
contractor with respect to the Company the date upon which the ESCP II
Participant’s contract under which the ESCP II Participant provides services to
the Company expires (or if there is more than one contract, the date when all of
ESCP II Participant’s contracts with the Company expire) provided such
expiration of the Contract(s) is a good fact and complete termination of the
contractual relationship.  An expiration is not a good faith
Separation from Service if the Company anticipates renewal of the relationship
or contract or the independent contractor becomes an
employee.  Renewal is anticipated if, neither the Company, nor the
ESCP II Participant, has eliminated the ESCP II Participant as a potential
service provider to the Company.  The ESCP II Participant will be
considered to be intended to contract with the Company again if the Company’s
contracting is conditioned only on incurring a need for the services or the
availability of funds or both.  Furthermore, a ESCP II Participant who was an independent contractor with
respect to the Company shall not be deemed to have Separated from Service until
the later of the date that is twelve (12) months and one (1) day after the date
the ESCP II Participant’s last contract with the Company expired and provided
that no amount will be payable to the ESCP II Participant if during such period
the ESCP II Participant provided services to the Company as an independent
contractor or an employee.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(h)(2).
    (b) a ESCP II Participant who is an employee of the Company
shall be Separated from Service with the Company if the Participant dies,
retires or otherwise terminates employment with the
Company.  Notwithstanding the above, a ESCP II Participant is
considered to be continuing to be an employee while the Participant is on
military leave, sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence if the duration
of such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, the duration of the
leave continues as long as the individual’s rights to reemployment with the
Company is provided either by statute or contract.  A leave of absence
is bona fide only if there is a reasonable expectation that the ESCP II
Participant will return to perform services for the Company.  If the
leave exceeds six (6) months and the ESCP II Participant does not retain
reemployment rights under a contract or a statute, the employment relationship
is deemed to terminate on the first date after such six (6) month
period.  Notwithstanding the above, where a leave of absence is due to
a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to
result in death or last for a continuous period of not less than six (6) months,
and causes the ESCP II Participant to be unable to perform the duties of his
position or a substantially similar position, the leave duration may be expanded
to twenty-nine (29) months instead of six (6) months.  The termination
of a ESCP II Participant’s employment and Separation from Service is determined
by the Company based upon the facts and circumstances.
    If a Participant continues to be employed (whether as an
employee or independent contractor), but the Company and the Participant
reasonably anticipated (1) the Participant would not provide further services
after a certain date, or (2) that the level of bona fide service provided to the
Company would permanently decrease to below 50% of the average level of bona
fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36 months (whether as an
employee or independent contractor) (or over the full period if the Participant
had not completed 36 months of service), the Participant will be treated as
Separated from Service.  For this purpose, services will be at an
annual rate that is less than 50 percent
of the services rendered on the average
(whether as an employee or independent contractor), during the immediately
preceding 36 months of employment (or, if employed a lesser period, for such
lesser period) and the annual remuneration for such services is less than 50
percent of the average annual remuneration earned by the ESCP II Participant
during the most recent 36 months of employment (or, if employed for a lesser
period, such lesser period).  
    If the ESCP II Participant was an employee and continues
to provide services after termination of employment as an independent
contractor, a Separation from Service will not be deemed to occur if the ESCP II
Participant provides services at an annual rate that is 50 percent or more of
the services rendered on the average during the immediately preceding 36 months
of employment (or, if employed for a lesser period, over such lesser period) and
the annual compensation for such services is 50 percent or more of the annual
compensation earned during the most recent 36 months of employment (or, if
employed for a lesser period, such lesser period).  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(h)(1).  
    For purposes of determining whether a Separation from
Service has occurred, the Participant’s services with the Company and all
entities that would constitute Affiliates, if a 50% ownership or control test
were substituted for an 80% test, shall be considered in making such
determination.
    
    2.20           “Service
Recipient” shall mean Alcon,
Inc.
    
    2.21           “Similar
Arrangements” shall mean such other
arrangements providing nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code
section 409A which, in the event of a violation of such section’s requirements,
would be aggregated as a single type of plan as defined in Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(c).
    
    2.22           “Specified
Employee” shall mean one of the persons
determined to be a specified employee for the period during which the relevant
Separation from Service occurs in accordance with the Policy Regarding
Determination of Specified Employees for Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
Plans of Alcon Holdings, Inc.
    
    2.23           “Surviving Spouse”
shall mean -
    (a)           in
the case of an ESCP II Participant who dies while employed by an Alcon
Affiliated Company and prior to commencement of an ESCP II Benefit, an
individual who was the spouse of such ESCP II Participant at the time of his/her
death;
    
    (b)           in
the case of an ESCP II Participant who is no longer employed by an Alcon
Affiliated Company but has a vested ESCP II Benefit that has not yet commenced,
an individual who was the spouse of such ESCP II Participant both at the time of
such ESCP II Participant’s termination of employment with the Alcon Affiliated
Company and at the time of death; or
    
    (c)           in
the case of an ESCP II Participant whose ESCP II Benefit has commenced or who is
receiving Disability benefits, an individual who was the spouse of the ESCP II
Participant both at the time such ESCP II Participant’s ESCP II Benefit or
Disability benefit commenced, and at the time of the ESCP II Participant’s
death.
    
    2.24           “Vested Percentage”
means the percentage of an ESCP II Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary
that is vested pursuant to Article IV.  The Vested Percentage shall
never exceed sixty percent (60%).
    
    2.25           “Year of Service”
means the following:
    (a)           the
calendar year of entry into ESCP II,
    
    (b)           each
calendar year of participation in ESCP II subsequent to such calendar year of
entry, including any periods of Disability,
    (c)           the
calendar year of termination (Separation from
Service),
retirement, or death (collectively, the “events”) if the first of the events
occurs on or after July 1 of such calendar year; if the first of the events
occurs on or before June 30 of such calendar year, then the year shall not
constitute a “Year of Service,” and
    
    (d)           one
(1) year for every five (5) Years of Service with any Alcon Affiliated Company
and/or any entity (incorporated or unincorporated) acquired by an Alcon
Affiliated Company. Years of Service shall be counted from the first day of
employment to the day before the first date of participation in ESCP II or any
predecessor plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ESCP II Participants who have
at least five (5) full years of employment with an Alcon Affiliated Company
before the first date of participation in ESCP II or any predecessor plan, shall
have years of service counted from the first day of such employment through the
first year of participation in ESCP II.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE II
    
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE III:  ESCP
II BENEFITS
    
    3.01                     Benefits.
    
    (a)           Normal Retirement
Benefit. ESCP II provides a Normal Retirement Benefit to each ESCP II
Participant who Separates from Service or dies at or after attaining Normal
Retirement Age provided such ESCP II Participant has a Vested Percentage. The
Normal Retirement Benefit Amount is determined by multiplying the ESCP II
Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary times the ESCP II Participant’s Vested
Percentage.
    
    (b)           Reduced Normal Retirement
Benefit. ESCP II provides a Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit to each
ESCP II Participant who Separates from
Service or dies with a Vested Percentage
prior to having attained Normal Retirement Age. The Reduced Normal Retirement
Benefit is not payable to an ESCP II Participant prior to the date of attaining
Early Retirement Age. However, a Surviving Spouse’s ESCP II Benefit shall begin
as soon as administratively practicable after the ESCP II Participant’s
death.
    
    (i)           Calculation of Reduced
Normal Retirement Benefit. The Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit is
calculated by reducing the ESCP II Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary by
the Applicable Penalty Percentage set forth below in subparagraph 3.0l(b)(ii),
then multiplying such reduced Averaged Annual Base Salary by the ESCP II
Participant’s Vested Percentage.
    
    (ii)           Applicable Penalty
Percentage. The Applicable Penalty Percentage is as follows:
    
      
          
            
              AGE
      AT SEPARATION FROM
      SERVICE
            
            
               
              APPLICABLE PENALTY
            
          
          
            
              61
            
            
              4%
            
          
          
            
              60
            
            
              8%
            
          
          
            
              59
            
            
              12%
            
          
          
            
              58
            
            
              16%
            
          
          
            
              57
            
            
              20%
            
          
          
            
              56
            
            
              25%
            
          
          
            
              55
      or less
            
            
              30%
            
          
      
    
    
    (c)           Death Benefits. The
Surviving Spouse of an ESCP II Participant with a vested ESCP II Benefit shall
receive a semi-monthly benefit equal to fifty percent (50%) of the ESCP II
Participant’s semi-monthly ESCP II Benefit payment until the Surviving Spouse’s
death. Vesting for a deceased ESCP II Participant shall be determined pursuant
to paragraph 4.02. The amount of the deceased ESCP II Participant’s benefit
shall be determined pursuant to Article III.
    
    (d)           Disability
Benefits
    (i)           ESCP II Participant Approved
for Long Term Disability. If an ESCP II Participant suffers a Disability
and is approved for Long-Term Disability (“LTD”) coverage by the LTD insurance
carrier of any Alcon Affiliated Company (or LTD is approved by another LTD
carrier which is concurred in by the ESCP II Committee), ESCP II Benefits shall
begin when (aa) the ESCP II Participant attains Normal Retirement Age, or (bb)
the first day of the month following the date on
which LTD benefits cease. An ESCP II Participant still receiving LTD
benefits at Normal Retirement Age shall begin ESCP
II Benefits but such benefit payments shall be reduced by the amount of any
LTD
benefit paid for the same month.  Such reduction shall be on a dollar
for dollar basis.
ESCP II Benefits paid before Normal Retirement Age shall be subject to the
Applicable Penalty Percentage described in subparagraph
3.01(b)(ii).
    
    (ii)           ESCP II Participant No
Longer Disabled. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
paragraph, if the ESCP II Participant, subsequent to approval for LTD coverage,
is medically certified as no longer disabled and chooses not to resume
employment with an Alcon Affiliated Company, the provisions of paragraphs 2.15
and 4.02 in their entirety shall cease to apply to the ESCP II Participant and all Disability Benefits shall cease effective as of
the first day of the month following the determination the ESCP II Participant
is no longer Disabled.
    
    3.02                     Cost of Living
Adjustment. All ESCP II Benefit payments shall be increased by a Cost of
Living Adjustment as follows:
    
    (a)           Each
January 1, the ESCP II Benefit shall be increased by an annual percentage
adjustment equal to the greater of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) or (ii)
any cost-of-living adjustment taking effect on or immediately prior to such
January 1 under Section 215(i) of the United States Social Security Act
(relating to a cost-of-living increase) for benefits under Title II of such Act
(relating to Federal old-age, survivors, and disability insurance benefits). The
percentage adjustment shall be compounded annually. Any applicable percentage
adjustment shall commence not earlier than the January payment immediately
following the commencement of ESCP II Benefits.
    
    (b)           Notwithstanding
the provisions of the foregoing subparagraph 3.02(a), in the event that other
than an annual percentage becomes applicable for purposes of Section 215(i) of
the Social Security Act or the cost-of-living adjustment becomes effective on a
date other than January 1, the annual percentage adjustment for ESCP II Benefit
payment purposes shall be redetermined and applied as of the date the adjustment
becomes effective for benefits under Title XI of the Social Security Act. If
more than one rate is applicable for a calendar year, the rates should be
combined or averaged, as the case may be, so that compounding occurs not more
than annually. However, the annual percentage adjustment may never be less than
one and one-half percent (1.5%).
    
    3.03           Payment of Benefit.
ESCP II Benefits shall be paid to the ESCP II Participant who is not a Specified Employee each year in
equal semi-monthly installments until and including the month in which such ESCP
II Participant shall die. Such installments shall commence not later than the
first day of the second month after such ESCP II Participant’s Separation from Service.
    Notwithstanding the above, for any ESCP II Participant
who is a Specified Employee for the year no payment shall be made from this Plan
for six months after such ESCP II Participant Separates from Service. The first
payment shall be made to such ESCP II Participant who is a Specified Employee
shall be made on the second day following the expiration of six months following
such individual’s Separation from Service and such first payment shall equal six
monthly payments of ESCP II Benefits and thereafter the payments shall be made
as otherwise provided herein on a monthly basis.  
    
    Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the ESCP II Participant terminates employment and Separation from Service prior to attaining
Early Retirement Age, ESCP II Benefit payments shall commence the first day of
the second month following ESCP II Participant’s attainment of Early Retirement
Age after Separating from Service, if such
ESCP II Participant is not a Specified Employee.  Notwithstanding the
above, for any ESCP II Participant who is a Specified Employee for the year, no
payment shall be made from the Plan for six months and two days after such ESCP
II Participant Separates from Service prior to attaining Early Retirement
Age.  The first payment shall be made to such ESCP II Participant who
is a Specified Employee on the second day following the expiration of six months
following such individual’s Separation from Service and such first payment shall
equal six monthly payments of ESCP II Benefits and thereafter the payments shall
be made as otherwise provided herein on a monthly basis. 
    
    Payments
to the Surviving Spouse shall begin as soon as administratively practicable. The
first payment to the Surviving Spouse shall include all previous amounts due
beginning as of the first day of the month immediately following ESCP II
Participant’s death.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE III
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
IV:  VESTING
    
    4.01           Vested Percentage. An
ESCP II Participant is entitled to a vested (nonforfeitable) percentage of
Averaged Annual Base Salary pursuant to the following schedule:
    
      
          
            
               
              YEARS OF SERVICE
            
            
               
              VESTED PERCENTAGE
            
          
          
            
              Less
      than 10
            
            
              0%
            
          
          
            
              10
            
            
              30%
            
          
          
            
              11
            
            
              33%
            
          
          
            
              12
            
            
              36%
            
          
          
            
              13
            
            
              39%
            
          
          
            
              14
            
            
              42%
            
          
          
            
              15
            
            
              45%
            
          
          
            
              16
            
            
              48%
            
          
          
            
              17
            
            
              51%
            
          
          
            
              18
            
            
              54%
            
          
          
            
              19
            
            
              57%
            
          
          
            
              20
            
            
              60%
            
          
      
    
    
    The
Vested Percentage shall never exceed sixty percent (60%).
    
    4.02           Years of Service and Minimum
Vested Percentage Due to ESCP II Participant’s Death or Disability. For
purposes of determining the Vested Percentage of ESCP II Participants who die or
become Disabled while employed by an Alcon
Affiliated Company, such ESCP II Participant shall retain his/her accrued Years
of Service in ESCP II but shall be deemed to have not less than ten (10) Years
of Service.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE IV
    
    
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
V:  OWNERSHIP CHANGE BENEFITS
    
    5.01           Vesting on Change of
Ownership.
    
    (a)           Vested Percentage. An
ESCP II Participant who is employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company on the date
that Nestlé S.A. ceases
to hold direct or indirect Majority Ownership of the Alcon Affiliated Company by
which such ESCP II Participant is employed shall retain his/her accrued Years of
Service in ESCP II for the purposes of this paragraph 5.01, but shall be deemed
to have a minimum Vested Percentage of thirty percent (30%).
    
    (b)           “Majority Ownership”
as used in this paragraph 5.01 means more than fifty percent (50%) direct or
indirect ownership (i) of the outstanding shares of each class of stock of any
Alcon Affiliated Company and/or (ii) of the assets of any Alcon Affiliated
Company by Nestlé S.A.
    
    (c)           Benefit. Should
Nestlé S.A. cease to
hold Majority Ownership of the an Alcon Affiliated Company by which an ESCP II
Participant is employed, such ESCP II Participant shall be paid an annual
benefit equal to the Vested Percentage as determined under subparagraphs 5.01(a)
or (b) of such ESCP II Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary, for the ESCP
II Participant’s lifetime, and a fifty percent (50%) ESCP II Benefit shall be
paid to the affected ESCP II Participant’s Surviving Spouse upon the ESCP II
Participant’s death. Further, the benefit (i) shall be increased in the manner
described in paragraph 3.02 above, (ii) shall not be subject to the Applicable
Percentage Penalty reduction described in subparagraph 3.01(b) above, and (iii)
shall commence to be paid on the date that
is the first day of the second month following the cessation of Majority
Ownership. for all ESCP II Participants who are not Specified
Employees, and for persons designated as Specified Employees for that
year.  Such person’s ESCP II Benefit shall commence on the date that
is the first day of the second month following the cessation of Majority
Ownership and shall be paid on such day as a payment on a specified date under
section 409A of the Code. The provisions of this Article V supersede all
other provisions of the ESCP II regarding benefit calculation and payment;
however, this Article V does not affect ESCP II Benefits of ESCP II Participants
or Surviving Spouses being paid or pending ESCP II Benefits of ESCP II
Participants who Separated from Service prior to Early
Retirement Age at the time Nestlé S.A. ceases to hold Majority Ownership of the
Alcon Affiliated Company.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE V
    
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
VI:  LIMITATIONS AND FORFEITURES
    
    6.01           Limitations and Forfeiture
of Right to Benefits.
    
    (a)           If
a non-vested ESCP II Participant is Separated from Service voluntarily or
involuntarily, such ESCP II Participant forfeits all rights to the benefits
provided by ESCP II.
    
    (b)           If
an ESCP II Participant has chosen to participate in the Alcon Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. International Umbrella Plan or any other retirement plan sponsored by an
Alcon Affiliated Company determined by the ESCP II Committee to be similar to or
the equivalent of ESCP II, such ESCP II Participant forfeits all rights to the
benefits provided by ESCP II.
    
    (c)           If
a vested ESCP II Participant’s employment is terminated voluntarily or
involuntarily by retirement or otherwise, such ESCP II Participant must agree
not to compete in the same or substantially similar businesses as those in which
Alcon and its Alcon Affiliated Companies are engaged at the time of termination
of employment for a period of five (5) years or the ESCP II Participant will
forfeit all ESCP II Benefits. The determination of whether a terminated ESCP II
Participant’s post-termination activities are competitive within the meaning of
this Article VI shall be made by the ESCP II Committee.
    
    (d)           If
an ESCP II Participant who has a Vested Percentage is terminated voluntarily or
involuntarily from employment with any Alcon Affiliated Company for reason of
activity or conduct which results in felony conviction under the law of any
jurisdiction, such ESCP II Participant shall forfeit all right to benefits under
the ESCP II at the discretion of the ESCP II Committee.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE VI
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
VII:  AUTHORITY TO ADMINISTER
    
    7.01           The
Board of Directors of Alcon, Inc. as successor
to Alcon Universal Ltd. shall have the right, at any time, to amend or
terminate the ESCP II, except that it may not terminate a vested benefit
hereunder except as provided in Article VI.
    
    7.02           Neither
the ESCP II Committee nor any members of the Board of Directors of any Alcon
Affiliated Company shall be liable to any person for any action taken or omitted
in connection with the administration or interpretation of the ESCP
II.
    
    7.03           Subject
to the limitations herein set forth, the ESCP II Committee shall establish from
time to time the rules or regulations for the administration of the ESCP II and
the transaction of its business, provided that no such rule or regulation shall
be contrary to the specific provisions of the ESCP II. The ESCP II Committee has
full discretion to interpret the ESCP II to determine whether a claimant is
eligible for benefits; to decide the amount, form, and timing of benefits; and
to resolve any other matter under the ESCP II which is raised by a claimant or
identified by the ESCP II Committee. All questions arising from or in connection
with the provisions of the ESCP II and its administration shall be determined by
the ESCP II Committee, and any determination so made shall be conclusive and
binding upon all persons affected thereby.
    
    (a)           Claims
under the ESCP II by an ESCP II Participant or anyone claiming through an ESCP
II Participant shall be presented to the ESCP II Committee, which shall either
arrange for payment of the claim or otherwise dispose of it. Adequate notice
shall be provided in writing to any person whose claim has been denied, setting
forth the specific reasons for such denial.
    
    (b)           Any
person whose claim for benefits has been denied may, within sixty (60) days
after receipt of notice of denial, submit a written request for review of the
decision denying the claim. In such case, the ESCP II Committee shall make a
full and fair review of such decision within sixty (60) days after receipt of a
request for review and notify the claimant in writing of the review decision,
specifying the reasons for such decision.
    
    7.04           Communications
to the ESCP II Committee shall be addressed to the Chairman of the ESCP II Committee, Bösch 69,
P.O.
Box
62, CH-6331,
Hűnenberg, Switzerland. The Secretary of the
ESCP II Committee is hereby designated as agent for service of legal
process with respect to any claims arising under the ESCP II.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE VII
    
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
VIII:  MISCELLANEOUS
    
    8.01           The
ESCP II Participant’s ESCP II Benefit granted hereunder or any interest therein
are not transferable or assignable and shall not be subject to alienation,
encumbrance, garnishment, attachment, execution, or levy of any kind, voluntary
or involuntary, except when, where, and if compelled by any applicable
law.
    
    8.02           As
used in this ESCP II, reference to any gender shall include the masculine and
feminine genders, and the number of all words shall include the singular or
plural, as appropriate.
    
    8.03           The
amount payable to an ESCP II Participant hereunder at any time is an unsecured
and unfunded obligation of Alcon and/or any Alcon Affiliated
Company.
    
    8.04           The
obligations of Alcon and/or any Alcon Affiliated Company under the ESCP II shall
be binding upon its successors and assigns.
    
    8.05           In
the event that any provision of the ESCP II is determined by any judicial,
quasi-judicial, or administrative body to be invalid or unenforceable for any
reason, all other provisions of the ESCP II shall remain in full force and
effect as if such provision had never been a part of the ESCP II.
    
    8.06           Nothing
herein shall be construed as an offer or commitment by Alcon and/or any Alcon
Affiliated Company to continue any ESCP II Participant’s employment for any
period of time.
    
    8.07           Amounts
paid to an ESCP II Participant or his/her designated Surviving Spouse under the
ESCP II shall be net of any taxes or other amounts required to be withheld by
the payor under any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
    
    8.08           This
writing constitutes the final and complete embodiment of the terms of the ESCP
II, and all prior or earlier dated documents and communications, oral or
written, concerning ESCP II are hereby renounced, revoked, and
superseded.
    
    8.09.                      Permitted Payment
Delays
    (a)           Amounts to be paid as described in Section 3.03 may be
deferred beyond their established payment date where the Company reasonably
anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal securities laws
or other applicable laws; provided that the Company makes the payment at the
earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that making such
payment will not cause such violation.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii).
    
    (b)           Amounts to be paid as described in Section 3.03 may be
deferred beyond their established payment date where the Company reasonably
anticipates that the Company’s federal income tax deduction with respect to such
payment otherwise would be limited or eliminated by application of section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), provided
the payment will be paid either during the Participant’s first taxable year in
which the Company reasonably anticipates, or should reasonably anticipate that
if the payment is made in that year, the deduction of such payment will not be
barred by application of Code section 162(m), or during the period beginning
with the date the Participant Separates from Service and ending on the later of
the last day of the taxable year of the participant in which the Participant
Separated from Service on the 15th day of the third month following the Participant’s
Separation from Service, and provided further that if there was any scheduled
payment to the Participant in a Participant’s taxable year is delayed due to
deductibility under Code section 162(m), the delay in payment will constitute a
subsequent deferral unless all scheduled payments to such Participant that could
be delayed under this section are also delayed.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-2(b)(7)(i).
    
    (c)           The payment may be delayed if the making of the payment
of the date specified under the Plan would jeopardize the ability of the service
recipient to continue as a going concern and the payment will be treated as made
on the date specified provided it is made during the first taxable year of the
service provider in which making the payment would not have such
effect.  Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(d).
    
    8.10           Accelerations of
Benefits.  No benefit payment
time or schedule under this Agreement shall be accelerated.  No
service provider shall have a direct or indirect election or any discretion
regarding whether the service recipient exercises its discretion to accelerate a
payment.  The following are the only permitted payment
accelerations:
    (a)           Domestic Relations Orders.  The time or schedule of payments under this Agreement
may be accelerated for a payment to an individual other than the Participant to
the extent necessary to fulfill a domestic relations order.  Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii).
    
    (b)           Limited Cashouts.  A Participant’s benefit automatically shall
be paid in a lump sum (1) the Participant’s entire interest under this Agreement
and under all Similar Arrangements that would constitute a nonqualified deferred
compensation plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2) are paid, (2) the
payment is not greater than the dollar limit on elective deferrals in Code
section 402(g)(1)(B), (3) the Participant is provided no election with respect
to receipt of the lump sum payment, and (4) the Company documents in writing its
exercise of discretion with respect to this payment on or before the date such
payment is made.  Such payment shall comply with Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(v).
    
    (c)           Employment Tax
Payment.  The time or schedule of
payments may be accelerated to the extent necessary to pay the Federal Insurance
Contributions Act (FICA) tax imposed under Code sections 3101, 3121(a) and
3121(v)(2), where applicable, on compensation deferred under this Agreement or
the Railroad Retirement Act tax under Code section 3201 (the “FICA
Amount”).  The time or schedule of payments may be accelerated to pay
the federal income tax withholding at the source on wages imposed by Code
section 3401 or the corresponding withholding provisions of applicable state,
local or foreign tax laws as a result of the payment of the FICA Amount and to
pay the additional income tax on wages attributing to the pyramiding of Code
section 3401 wages and taxes related to the payment of the FICA
Amount.  However, the total payment under this Section 8.10 shall not
exceed the aggregate of the FICA Amount and the income tax withholding related
to such FICA Amount.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi).
    
    (d)           409A Failure Income
Inclusion.  The time or schedule
of payments may be accelerated to provide a payment to the Participant when the
arrangement fails to comply with the requirements of Code section 409A and the
guidance thereunder; provided such payment shall be limited to the amount the
Participant is required to include in his/her income as a result of such failure
to comply with Code section 409A and the final regulations
thereunder.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(vii).
    
    (e)           Cancellation of Deferrals Following an Unforeseeable
Emergency or Hardship Distribution.  The Participant may cancel
his/her deferral election due to an unforeseen emergency or the Participant
taking a hardship withdrawal from the 401(k) plan in which he/she participates
pursuant to Treasury Regulation § l.401(k)-1(d)(3); provided the deferral
election under this Agreement is cancelled and not postponed or otherwise
delayed, and any later deferral election shall be subject to the regulations
governing initial deferral elections under Code section 409A and Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-2(a).  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(viii).
    
    (f)           Conflicts of
Interest.  Payment time or
schedule may be accelerated under the Plan to the extent necessary for any
Federal officer or employee in the executive branch to comply with any ethics
agreement with the Federal government.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(iii)(A).
    
    The time or schedule of payments under the Plan for a
payment under the Plan may be accelerated and paid to the extent reasonably
necessary to avoid violation of an applicable Federal, state, local or foreign
ethics law or conflicts of interest law.  A payment is reasonably
necessary to avoid violation of such laws if it is necessary as part of a course
of action that results in compliance with such laws and such laws would be
violated under such course of action.
    
    (g)           Termination of
Arrangement.  This Agreement and
the arrangement of which it is part may be terminated with respect to this
Participant if either 1, 2, or 3 below is satisfied:
    
    (1)           The Company in its sole discretion and pursuant to the
terms of this Plan decides to terminate this NQDC Plan within twelve (12) months
of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code section 331, or with the approval of
the bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 503(b)(1)(A); provided that the
amounts deferred under the NQDC Plan for the Participants are included in the
Participants’ gross income by the latest of (or if earlier, the taxable year in
which the amount is actually or constructively received):
    (a)           the calendar year in which the NQDC Plan termination and
liquidation occurred;
    (b)           the first calendar year in which the amount is no longer
subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; or
    (c)           the first calendar year in which the payment is
administratively practicable.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(viv)(A).
    (2)           The Company may, in its sole discretion, pursuant to an
irrevocable action taken by the Company within the thirty (30) days preceding or
the twelve (12) months following a Change in Control (as such phrase is defined
in Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)) terminate and liquidate the NQDC Plan
provided this shall only apply to a payment under the Plan if all agreements,
programs and other arrangements sponsored by the service recipient immediately
after the change in control event that are treated as deferred under a single
plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and liquidated
with respect to each participant that experienced the change in control event so
that under the terms of the termination and liquidation all such participants
are required to receive all amounts of deferred compensation under the
aggregated terminated agreements, programs and other arrangements within twelve
(12) months of the date the Company irrevocably took all necessary action to
terminate and liquidate such arrangements pursuant to Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B).  The Company who may take such actions to
terminate such NQDC Plans under this Section 8.10(g)(2) must be the Company that
is primarily liable immediately after the change in control transaction for
payment of the deferred compensation under this Plan.
    3.           The Company may, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement and the Plan, terminate the Arrangement
provided:
    (a)           The termination and liquidation of the Plan is not
proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the service recipient or
Company;
    (b)           All Plans or Arrangements sponsored by the Company or
its Affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated Arrangement as a
NQDC Plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2), if the Participant
participated in and had deferrals under all Arrangements, are terminated and
liquidated;
    (c)           No payments in liquidation of the Plan, other than
payments payable under the terms of the Arrangement if the termination had not
occurred, are made within twelve (12) months of the date on which the Company
takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the
Plan;
    (d)           All payments are made within twenty-four (24) months of
the date the Company took all action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the
Arrangement; and
    (e)           The Company does not adopt a new Arrangement that would
be aggregated with any terminated Arrangement as a NQDC Plan under Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-1(c) if the Participant participated in both Arrangements at
any time within three (3) years immediately following the date the service
recipient took all actions necessary to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the
Plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(C).
    (h)           Cancellation of Deferral
Elections Due to Disability.  The
Participant’s deferral election may be canceled provided the cancellation occurs
by the later of the end of the taxable year of the Participant or the
15th day of the third month following the date the
Participant suffered a Disability.  Such Disability for the purposes
of a deferral election cancellation shall be deemed to exist if the Participant
suffers a physical or mental impairment that results in the Participant being
unable to perform the duties of his or her position or any substantially similar
position where the impairment is expected to (1) last for a continuous period of
not less than six months, or (2) to result in death.  Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(xii).
    (i)           Certain Offsets.  The time or schedule of payments may be
accelerated under the NQDC Plan to satisfy the debt a Participant owes to the
Company, where such debt was incurred in the ordinary course of the service
relationship between the parties, the entire amount of the reduction in any of
the Participant’s taxable years does not exceed $5,000, and the reduction is
made at the same time and in the same amount as the debt otherwise would have
been due and collected from the Participant.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiii).
    (j)           Bona Fide Disputes as to a
Right to a Payment.  If the
Company and the Participant have an arm’s-length bona fide dispute as to the
Participant’s right to a deferred amount, the Plan may accelerate the time or
schedule of payments or the Plan may make a payment as part of the settlement of
such dispute.  However, there shall not be any discretion with respect
to accelerating any time or schedule of payment other than for purposes of
settling an arm’s-length dispute as to the Participant’s right to a
payment.  Only payments for which there is a substantial reduction (25
percent or more) in the amount payable shall be deemed to be eligible to be
treated as payments under this Section 8.10(j).  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiv).
    (k)           Payment of State, Local or
Foreign Taxes.  The Plan may
accelerate the time and form of payment to reflect the Plan’s payment of state,
local or foreign taxes arising out of the Participant’s participation in the
Plan, to reflect such tax payments related to amounts deferred under the Plan
before such amounts are paid or made available to the
Participant.  Such accelerated payments may be made by payment of the
withholding taxes on behalf of the Participants in accordance with applicable
state, local or foreign laws, including federal income tax
withholdings.  However, the total payments accelerated under this
Section 8.10(k) must not exceed the sum of the state, local and foreign tax
amounts and the income tax withholding related to such
amounts.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xi).
    
    8.11.                      Application and Effective
Date.  The provisions of this
amended and restated plan applies to all amounts deferred hereunder regardless
of the date deferred, and shall be effective as of January 1, 2008.  
    
    8.12           Company’s Right to
Unilaterally Amend.  The
Participant hereby consents and grants the Company the authority to unilaterally
amend this Agreement to the extent necessary to bring this Agreement in
compliance with the requirements of Code section 409A and the guidance issued
thereunder.
    
    8.13           No Subsequent Elections
Permitted.  This Program does not
permit the Participants to make any election with respect to the time, schedule
or form of the payment hereunder.
    
    8.14           Ambiguity
Construction.  The Committee
shall construe any ambiguity hereunder in such a manner that the Program's
document and operations shall comply with Code section 409A and the final
regulations issued thereunder.  
    
    8.15           Prohibition on Accelerations
and Changes in Time and Form of Payment.  No payment of any amount due under this
Program shall be accelerated unless such acceleration is provide for in Treas.
Reg. section 1.409A-3(j).  No payment of any amount due hereunder
shall be delayed beyond the time specified for payment herein except to the
extent such delay is one of the delays for which the payment is treated as made
upon the date specified in the plan under Treas. Reg. section
1.409A-3(d),  if the payment is a disputed payment under Treas. Reg.
section 1.409A-3(g), or if the payment was delayed pursuant to Treas. Reg.
section 1.409A-2(b)(7).  This Program shall not permit any subsequent
changes in the time or form of payment or subsequent elections (as such phrase
is defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-2(b)) which would defer the payment of
amounts specified to be paid hereunder. 
    
    8.16           Good Faith
Compliance.  This amended and
restated Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2008.  This Plan was operated in good faith
compliance with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, Notice 2005-1, and
Proposed Treasury Regulation sections 1.409A-1 through 3 and 6 for periods from
January 1, 2005 through December
31, 2007. For periods from January 1, 2007
through December 31, 2008, this Plan was operated in good faith compliance with
section 409A of the Code, Treasury Regulation sections 1.409A-1 through 3 and 6,
and to the extent an issue was not addressed in such authorities, in good faith
compliance with Notice 2005-1.
    
    8.17           Election Filing.  All elections must be filed with the
Committee.  An election is deemed filed with the Committee on the
business date it is received by the Committee, the date it is postmarked by the
U.S. Postal Service as mailed to the Committee via first class U.S. mail,
priority mail or express mail and is properly addressed, or the date it is
received by an overnight courier service and is properly
addressed.  Elections must be addressed to the following to be
properly addressed:
    ESCP II Committee
    6201 South Freeway
    Fort Worth,
Texas 76134
    
    
    END OF ARTICLE
VIII
    
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    SIGNATURE AND
ATTESTATION
    
    Effective
as of the 1st day of January, 2008.
    
    ALCON, INC. as successor to 
    ALCON
UNIVERSAL LTD.
    
    
    
    
    By:/s/ Joanne
Beck
    Joanne Beck,
    General Manager (Direktor) Joint
Signatory
    
    
    By:/s/ Stefan
Basler
    Stefan Basler,
    Attorney-in-Fact (Prokurist) Joint
Signatory
    
    
    ATTEST:
    
    
    /s/ Elaine E.
Whitbeck
    Elaine E.
Whitbeck, Sr. Vice President,
    Chief
Legal Officer, General Counsel
    and
Corporate Secretary
    
    
    
    
      
        
          Effective
January 1, 2008