Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems


News Release


Ballard Announces Plans to Dissolve EBARA Ballard Corporation Joint Venture

For Immediate Release – May 24, 2009


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) announced intentions to
discontinue operations of EBARA Ballard Corporation. EBARA Ballard Corporation is a joint venture
with EBARA Corporation and is focused on the development, manufacture, sale, and servicing of
stationary power systems for the residential cogeneration market in Japan.


“As we’ve said in the past, we see residential cogeneration on a longer timeline to
commercialization,” said John Sheridan, President and CEO, “This, combined with an increasing
investment requirement for continued system development work, has impacted the business case for
this program. We believe that this decision is in the best interest of both joint venture parties,
along with our shareholders.”


Given the low growth projected for this market in 2009, Ballard does not anticipate a material
impact from this decision on its current year financial outlook.


Although Ballard is dissolving the joint venture company for systems development for the Japanese
residential cogeneration market, the company believes that opportunities continue to exist in
Japan, as well as other international markets, for sales of residential cogeneration fuel cell
stack products. Ballard will continue to sell the company’s FCgenTM-1030v3 fuel cell
product for applications such as residential cogeneration, including supply of this product to Baxi
Innotech GmbH for the German Callux Project.


Ballard and EBARA Corporation will work together over the next 90 days to finalize details of the
dissolution of the joint venture. EBARA Corporation will continue to service the EBARA Ballard
Corporation fuel cell systems that are already in the field.


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) is recognized as a world leader in the design,
development, manufacture and sale of clean energy fuel cell products. Ballard’s mission is to
accelerate fuel cell product adoption. To learn more about what Ballard is doing with Power to
Change the World®, visit www.ballard.com.


For further information, or to arrange an interview with a Ballard spokesperson, please contact Amy
Harada Bradley at telephone number 604-412-7913 or on e-mail amy.harada@ballard.com. Ballard, the
Ballard logo and Power to Change the World are registered trademarks of Ballard Power Systems Inc.