acl6k0509singaporeprex991.htm




    
    
      Exhibit
99.1
      
      
      Alcon
Breaks Ground in Singapore on First Asian Pharmaceutical Manufacturing
Plant
      Ceremony
Held Today for New Facility in Tuas Biomedical Park
      
      HUENENBERG, Switzerland – May 26, 2009 – Alcon (NYSE:
ACL), the world’s largest manufacturer of eye care products, marked the
commencement of construction of its first pharmaceutical manufacturing plant in
the Asian region today with a groundbreaking ceremony in Singapore’s Tuas
Biomedical Park. The new 330,000 square foot plant is expected to be completed
in 2012 and will create 150 new jobs.
      The new
plant will primarily manufacture sight-saving pharmaceutical products for Asian
markets. The location and capacity expansion will allow Alcon to more
effectively and efficiently meet the eye care needs of patients and eye care
professionals across Asia with treatments for glaucoma, eye infections, eye
inflammation and dry eyes.
      “With the
rapid growth we are experiencing in Asia, this new Singapore plant is integral
to our ability to meet the increasing demand for our products in the region,”
said Mr. Ed McGough, senior vice president for global manufacturing and
technological operations, Alcon. “The strategically positioned Singapore
location, coupled with the increased capacity of this plant, will help us supply
Asia with essential eye care pharmaceuticals more efficiently, and maintain the
high-quality service our customers have come to expect from Alcon.”
      He added
that Singapore was attractive due to its central position in Asia, the skilled
and reliable workforce in the country and its well-developed infrastructure. The
plant’s location in Tuas was conceived in collaboration with and was supported
by the Economic Development Board of Singapore.
      "Alcon’s
decision to site its first Asia-Pacific manufacturing plant here in Singapore is
a strong vote of confidence for Singapore and our attractiveness to businesses.
EDB has also played a pivotal role in helping Alcon start up this plant today.
Singapore remains committed to providing a conducive and supportive environment
that facilitates biomedical companies’ expansion here," said Mr. Gan Kim Yong,
Minister for Manpower.
      Alcon
Singapore operations were established in 1992.  Currently the company
employs 40 staff focused on serving the needs of the Singapore eye care
community, as well as providing centralized human resources support, marketing
and health economics capabilities for the Asian region.
      
      About
Alcon
      Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.3
billion in 2008.  Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic
industry for 65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices, contacts lens solutions and
other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions
of the eye.  Alcon operates in 75 countries and sells products in 180
markets. Alcon’s majority shareholder is Nestlé, S.A., the world’s largest food
company.  For more information on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s web
site at www.alcon.com.
      
      # #
#
      
      
        
          
          
        
        
          
          
          
            
          
        
        
          
          
        
      
      Caution Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. This press release may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995.  Any forward- looking statements reflect the views of our
management as of the date of this press release with respect to future events
and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Except to the extent required under the federal securities laws and
the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these
forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new information or future events
or circumstances or otherwise. 
      
      Media
Inquiries
      Holly
Clark
      817-551-8696
      holly.clark@alconlabs.com
      
      Investor
Inquiries
      Doug
MacHatton
      817-551-8974
      doug.machatton@alconlabs.com