Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. to Hold Annual General Meeting of 
    Shareholders
in Shenyang on Friday, August 21, 2009
    
     
    Shenyang, China, July 15,
2009 – A-Power Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR) (“A-Power”
or “the Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”)
systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today
announced that it will hold its 2009 annual general meeting of shareholders at
the Company’s offices at No. 44 Jingxing North Street, 12th Floor, Tiexi
District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province, China 110021, at 9 a.m. Beijing time on
Friday, August 21, 2009, or 9 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Thursday,
August 20, 2009. The shareholder record date is Wednesday, July 15,
2009.
     
    A-Power
has filed its annual report on Form 20-F, including its audited financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). A-Power’s Form 20-F can be
accessed on the Investor Relations section of the Company’s Website at
http://investor.apowerenergy.com/annuals.cfm as well as on the SEC’s Website at
http://www.sec.gov. The notice of the annual general meeting of shareholders and
the proxy statement related to the meeting are available through the Company’s
Website at http://investor.apowerenergy.com. Shareholders may request a hard
copy of audited financial statements on Form 20-F free of charge by making any
such requests to the Chief Operating Officer of A-Power Energy Generation
Systems, Ltd., No. 44 Jingxing North Street, Tiexi District, Shenyang, Liaoning,
China 110021.
     
    About
A-Power
     
     A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (“A-Power”), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLANDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
     
    Safe Harbor
Statement  
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,”
“plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction and
development delays on our projects which could adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results; our limited operating history and recent
entrance into new markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business
and future prospects; the expected benefits of supply and partnership agreements
may not materialize to the extent expected or at all; we expect to rely
increasingly on our proprietary products and systems and on technology developed
by our licensors and partners, and if we or our licensors or partners become
involved in an intellectual property dispute, we may be forced to spend
considerable resources resolving such dispute; a decrease in the rate of growth
of China's industry and economy may lead to a decrease in our revenues because
industrial companies in China are our principal source of revenues, as well as
other relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required under applicable
law.
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    Contact:
    
    Mr. John S. Lin
    Chief Operating Officer
    A-Power Energy Generation Systems,
Ltd.
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Mr. Valentine Ding / Mr. Dixon Chen
    Investor Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9412
    valentine.ding@us.grayling.com
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com