Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    A-Power
Signs Conversion Agreements with its Convertible Noteholders
    
    Shenyang, China, December 31, 2009 --
A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (NASDAQ: APWR) ("A-Power" or the
"Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”) systems in
China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today announced that it
has signed conversion agreements with the holders of its convertible notes
issued on June 19, 2009.
    
    Pursuant
to the Conversion Agreements, the Company and each of the noteholders have
agreed, among other things, to convert the aggregate principal amount and
accrued interest of $37,537,500 outstanding under the convertible notes,
together with make-whole amounts, into an aggregate of 4,582,559 common shares
of the Company using a conversion price per share set at $10.212, which is 96%
of the original conversion price of the convertible notes of
$10.637.  Common shares of the Company issuable upon conversion of the
Notes are freely tradable by the noteholders.  Each of the noteholders
has entered into a Confirmation Letter with the Company confirming certain
procedural and other aspects of the transaction.
    
    “We are
pleased that the holders of these convertible notes have elected to convert
their notes in full,” stated Mr. Jinxiang Lu, A-Power's Chief Executive
Officer.  “As a result of this conversion of the convertible notes, the
Company strengthens its balance sheet by replacing debt with
equity.”
     
    About
A-Power
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
     
    Safe
Harbor Statement
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction,
manufacturing and development delays on our projects which could adversely
affect our financial condition and operating results; various memorandum of
understandings we signed with third parties may not evolve into definitive
contracts and thus, we may not derive revenues from such agreements; our limited
operating history and recent entrance into new jurisdictional markets may make
it difficult for you to evaluate our business and future prospects; we may not
be able to successfully develop our business in new jurisdictional markets,
which would have a negative impact on the results of our operations derived from
such new jurisdictional markets;  our customers may not be able to
obtain the financing required for these projects, and thus, we may not be able
to derive revenues from such agreements,  as well as other relevant
risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2008. The information set forth herein should be read in
light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the information contained
in this press release, except as required under applicable law.
     
    
    
      
        
        
      
      
        
        
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
    
    
     
    Contact:
     
    
    John S.
Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Dixon
Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9403
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com