acl6k0309acrysoftoric991.htm




    
    Exhibit
99.1
    
    
    
    
    
     
    New
AcrySof®
IQ Toric IOL Approved for U.S. Patients with Cataracts and
Astigmatism
    Innovative
lens provides better distance vision for cataract surgery patients.
    
    HUENENBERG, Switzerland – March 2, 2009 – Alcon, Inc.
(NYSE: ACL), the world’s leader in eye care and cataract surgery announced that
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved its aspheric AcrySof® IQ Toric intraocular lens
(IOL).  The new lens offers an enhanced aspheric optic that improves
image quality and increases contrast sensitivity in cataract surgery patients
with astigmatism. The innovative lens design offers these patients the
best opportunity for quality distance vision without
glasses.
               “With
the addition of asphericity to the AcrySof® Toric
lens, which was already my lens of choice for astigmatic patients, I can now
reduce spherical aberration, enhance image quality and improve functional vision
for my cataract patients,” said Edward Holland, M.D., director of cornea at the
Cincinnati Eye Institute and professor of
ophthalmology at the University of Cincinnati. “At the same time, the
thinner lens profile is ideally suited for micro-coaxial surgical
techniques, which surgeons use to reduce incision size in cataract
surgery.”
    The first AcrySof® Toric
lens was introduced in 2005 and quickly became the leading toric lens on the
market, due to its predictable power outcomes and excellent rotational
stability. These benefits are largely realized due to the strengths of the AcrySof® IOL material and
proprietary single-piece design.  As the first acrylic
single-piece lens, AcrySof® provides
unequalled stability in the eye.  This is especially important when
correcting astigmatism, which occurs due to an irregular shape of the eye.
Continual innovation of the AcrySof® IOL
platform has characterized the brand, with nearly two decades of product
introductions that have steadily advanced the standard of cataract treatment,
including blue-light filtration, aspheric optics, presbyopia correction and
astigmatic correction.
    “The AcrySof® IQ Toric IOL is yet another
intraocular lens technology innovation, that is part of Alcon’s product
development strategy to provide cataract surgeons with tools for customized
treatment based on individual patient needs,” said Bill Barton, Alcon’s
president of U.S. operations. “To that end, Alcon continues to combine multiple
technologies and optics into each new lens introduction, all based on
AcrySof®, the
world’s most frequently implanted IOL material.”
    Alcon will commercially launch the new
AcrySof® IQ Toric IOL at the 2009
American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgeons (ASCRS) annual meeting in
San Francisco, California.
    
    About
AcrySof®
Intraocular Lenses
    Alcon’s
AcrySof®
intraocular lenses are the most frequently implanted lenses in the world, with
more than 40 million implants since their introduction in the early
1990s.  Alcon’s AcrySof® IOL
platform offers cataract patients a variety of benefits and is available with a
variety of optics designed to help patients achieve the best possible
vision.  The AcrySof® family
of IOLs includes the AcrySof® IQ,
AcrySof® IQ Toric
and AcrySof® IQ
ReSTOR®
IOLs.
     
    -more-
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
        
        
      
      
         
      
    
    
    
    About
Cataract Surgery and Astigmatism
    A
cataract is a “clouding” of the eye’s natural lens, which results in blurred or
defocused vision.  IOLs are implanted during cataract surgery to
replace the patient’s natural lens that has been removed during surgery.
Cataracts cannot be prevented and are the leading cause of treatable blindness
worldwide.  Corneal astigmatism is an irregularity of the cornea that
can cause significantly blurred or distorted vision.  For more
information, visit www.cataractsurgery.com.
    
    About
Alcon
    Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.3
billion in 2008.  Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic
industry for 60 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices, contact lens care solutions and
other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions
of the eye. Alcon’s majority shareholder is Nestlé, S.A., the world’s largest
food company.  For more information on Alcon, Inc., visit the
Company’s web site at www.alcon.com.
    
    # #
#
    
    Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements.
This press release may contain forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Any
forward-looking statements reflect the views of our management as of the date of
this press release with respect to future events and are based on assumptions
and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except to the
extent required under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements,
whether to reflect new information or future events or circumstances or
otherwise.
    
    
     
    
      
          
             Media
      Inquiries 
             Investor
      Inquiries
          
          
             Holly
      Clark
             Doug
      MacHatton
          
          
             800-631-0962
             800-400-8599
          
          
              holly.clark@alconlabs.com 
             doug.machatton@alconlabs.com
          
          
             
             
          
          
             
              www.alcon.com