A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. Signs a Definitive Contract to
Acquire
    Japanese
Thin-Film PV Equipment Maker EVATECH Co., Ltd.
     
    Shenyang, China, September 16,
2009 – A-Power Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR) (“A-Power”
or “the Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”)
systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today
announced that the Company has signed a definitive contract to acquire 100% of
EVATECH Co., Ltd. (“EVATECH”) of Kyoto, Japan, a 22-year-old designer and
manufacturer of industrial equipment for LCDs (liquid crystal displays), PDPs
(plasma display panels) and, more recently, amorphous-silicon (a-Si)
photovoltaic (PV) panels. The total consideration is $49.9 million in cash. The
transaction is expected to close by the end of November 2009.
     
    A-Power
is to fund 55% of the transaction from the Company’s internal financial
resources. The balance, or 45%, will come from foreign-investment grants from
various levels of the local government (20% from the Liaoning Provincial
Government, 20% from the Shenyang Municipal Government, and the remaining 5%
from the Hunan New District Government in Shenyang).
     
    “The
EVATECH acquisition is an essential part of A-Power’s strategic vision to be an
all-around, diversified cleantech solution provider in China,” said Mr. Jinxiang
Lu, Chairman and CEO of A-Power. “Growing out of our core DG business, we are
establishing a foothold and gaining traction in various areas such as wind, and
now solar. It is important to understand that all of these cleantech forms
receive strong, committed support from the Chinese government. In terms of
solar, we plan to use EVATECH’s low-cost and high-efficient a-Si thin-film
technology to produce PV curtain glass walls and take advantage of China’s RMB
20 per watt subsidy for the building-integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) projects. As
part of the plan, we expect to move EVATECH’s manufacturing facility to Shenyang
by the end of the year and start production and co-marketing of our PV products
with a local construction group for Chinese customers sometime next year. We
expect EVATECH to begin revenue contribution in late 2010.”
     
    Based in
Kyoto, EVATECH currently has 85 employees and has branch offices in Tokyo,
Shanghai and Taiwan. Its main manufacturing facility and its thin-film
photovoltaic R&D center are located in Kyoto. It sells to customers in about
10 countries outside Japan, 46 of which are in China, which is EVATECH's largest
overseas market. Due to certain financial difficulties with the operation of its
business, EVATECH is undergoing a rehabilitation process in the courts of Japan
related to its corporate and debt restructuring.
     
    About
A-Power
     
     A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (“A-Power”), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
        
          
        
      
      
         
      
    
     
    Safe Harbor
Statement  
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: We may not be able to complete the acquisition with our acquisition
target; our acquisition target is undergoing restructuring in local courts,
which may interfere with our ability to close the acquisition of the target
company; our acquisition target's restructuring process in local courts relates
to financial difficulties it experienced in the operation of its business, and
it may continue to experience financial difficulties after we acquire it; we may
not be able to obtain all of, or any of, the government subsidies related to the
acquisition of the target company; our acquisition consideration is in the form
of cash payment, which is a significant amount of our total cash balance
available as of June 30, 2009, and this may affect our liquidity, and may result
in our inability to provide working capital for our ongoing operations and
expansion; we have outstanding convertible notes which have certain restrictions
against our ability to incur further debt, which may inhibit our ability to
finance our acquisition of the target, to the extent we require it, or
potentially result in a breach of our covenants under our convertible notes; our
technicians may have difficulty adapting to new technology; systems that we
develop and install may contain design or manufacturing defects, which could
result in reduced demand for our services and customer claims and uninsured
liabilities; we expect to rely increasingly on our proprietary products and
systems and on technology developed by our licensors, and if we or our licensors
become involved in an intellectual property dispute, we may be forced to spend a
significant amount of time and financial resources to resolve such intellectual
property dispute, diverting time and resources away from our business and
operations as well as other relevant risks detailed in our filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth in our annual
report filed on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. The
information set forth herein should be read in light of such risks. We assume no
obligation to update the information contained in this press release, except as
required under applicable law.
     
    Contact:
    
    Mr. John
S. Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd.
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Mr.
Valentine Ding / Mr. Dixon Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9412
    valentine.ding@us.grayling.com
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com