EXHIBIT A
PRESS RELEASE


Aladdin Press Contact:
 
Aladdin Company Contact:


Matthew Zintel
 
Debbie Kaye


Zintel Public
 Relations
 
Aladdin Corporate Communications


matthew.zintel@zintelpr.com
 
debbie.kaye@aladdin.com


310.574.8888
 
646.468.0481


 
 
 


Vector
 Capital U.S. Public Relations:
 
Vector
 Capital Israel Public Relations:


Erin Becker,
 Brunswick Group
 
Aya Barak-Meiri,
 Prometheus Creative Solutions


415.293.8461
 
+ 972-3-5449494


 
 
 


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Aladdin Knowledge Systems Shareholders Approve Merger withVector Capital Affiliate
TEL AVIV, ISRAEL– February 20, 2009 – Aladdin Knowledge Systems Ltd. (“Aladdin” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ: ALDN) today announced that its shareholders approved the definitive
 merger agreement, providing for the acquisition of the Company by a Vector Capital
 affiliate, during a special general meeting of the shareholders held today. The
 shareholders also approved the amendment to the articles of association of the Company
 relating to exculpation, insurance and indemnity of directors and officers and the
 amendment of the indemnification agreements with the Company’s directors as
 well as the renewal of the Company’s existing directors’ and officers’ insurance and the purchase of a run-off directors’ and officers’
 insurance policy.
Under the terms of the merger agreement,
 Aladdin shareholders will receive $11.50 per share in cash for each ordinary share
 they hold at the closing of the merger plus an amount in cash equal to each shareholder’s pro rata portion of the amount, if any, by which the Company’s Cash
 (as defined in the merger agreement) exceeds $12,000,000. The transaction is expected
 to close at the end of March, subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions
 set forth in the merger agreement, which include: anti-trust approvals in Israel
 and Germany or the expiration of applicable waiting periods; the Company having
 minimum cash and cash equivalents of at least $7,000,000 and minimum working capital
 of at least $13,500,000 at the time of closing; Company’s representations and
 warranties (including not having a material effect) are true and correct at the
 time of closing; and compliance with covenants.
Following completion of the merger, Aladdin’s ordinary shares will cease to be traded on NASDAQ and the Tel Aviv Stock
 Exchange.
About AladdinAladdin Knowledge
 Systems (NASDAQ: ALDN) is an information security leader with offices in 15 countries,
 a worldwide network of channel partners, and numerous awards for innovation. Aladdin
 eToken is the world’s #1 USB-based authentication solution, offering identity
 and access management tools that protect sensitive data. Aladdin SafeWord two-factor
 authentication technology protects companies’ important information assets
 and applications. Aladdin HASP SRM boosts growth for software developers and publishers
 through strong anti-piracy protection, IP protection, and secure licensing and



product activation. Aladdin eSafe delivers real-time intelligent Web gateway security that
 helps protect data and networks, improves productivity, and enables compliance.
 Visit www.Aladdin.com.
About Vector CapitalVector Capital
 is a leading private equity firm specializing in spinouts, buyouts and recapitalizations
 of established technology businesses. Vector identifies and pursues these complex
 investments in both the private and public markets. Vector actively partners with
 management teams to devise and execute new financial and business strategies that
 materially improve the competitive standing of these businesses and enhance their
 value for employees, customers and shareholders. Among Vector’s notable investments
 are LANDesk Software, Savi Technology, SafeNet, Corel Corporation (Nasdaq: CREL),
 Precise Software Solutions, Printronix, Register.com, Tripos, WinZip and Watchguard
 Technologies. For more information, visit www.vectorcapital.com.
Safe Harbor StatementCertain information presented herein constitutes forward-looking statements
 within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
 forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
 and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements
 of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or
 achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors
 include general economic and business conditions, risks relating to the Company’s recent acquisitions of Athena Smartcards, SafeWord and EutronSec, including
 the failure to realize expected synergies, failure to effectively integrate these
 businesses into its business and increasing unexpected liabilities, the loss of
 market share, changes in the level of business or anticipated business from a large
 customer or customers, failure to achieve anticipated customer orders, changes in
 the competitive landscape and other factors over which the company has little or
 no control. The completion of the Company’s announced merger with an affiliate
 of Vector Capital is subject to various closing conditions, and the Company cannot
 be certain that these conditions will be satisfied or waived. For more information,
 please refer to the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
 which are available on the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov.
©2009 Aladdin Knowledge Systems, Ltd.
 All rights reserved. HASP, eToken, eSafe, Aladdin Knowledge Systems and the Aladdin
 logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Aladdin Knowledge Systems, Ltd.
 All other product and brand names mentioned in this document are trademarks or registered
 trademarks of their respective owners.