Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard Announces Supply Agreement with Daimler AG


For Immediate Release – December 22, 2009


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) today announced a supply
agreement with Daimler AG for FCvelocityTM-1100 products for Daimler AG’s fuel cell car
and bus programs. The agreement provides for minimum revenue of approximately $24 million over
eighteen months from April 2010, with roughly equal distribution in 2010 and 2011.


John Sheridan, Ballard’s President & CEO said, “We are very pleased to be working with Daimler AG,
a clear global leader in fuel cell car and bus programs.”


He continued, “Automotive is one of the most demanding power applications in terms of efficiency,
reliability and safety. As such, this major fuel cell order for the automotive market provides
further testimony of Ballard’s leading fuel cell product capabilities for commercial clean power
applications in backup power, distributed generation and material handling.”


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) is a clean energy growth company with product
leadership in fuel cell power solutions, focused on the material handling and stationary power
markets. To learn more about Ballard, please visit www.ballard.com.


This release contains forward-looking statements, including estimated revenue, which are provided
to enable external stakeholders to understand Ballard’s expectations as at the date of this
release and may not be appropriate for other purposes. These forward-looking statements are based
on the beliefs and assumptions of Ballard’s management and reflect Ballard’s current expectations
as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such assumptions relate to Ballard’s financial
forecasts and expectations regarding its product development efforts, manufacturing capacity, and
market demand, and include matters such as generating new sales, producing, delivering and selling
the expected number of units, and controlling its costs.


These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause Ballard’s actual results to be
materially different, including, without limitation, the condition of the global economy, the rate
of mass adoption of its products, product development delays, changing environmental regulations,
its ability to attract and retain business partners and customers, its access to funding,
increased competition, its ability to protect its intellectual property, changes in its customers’
requirements, foreign exchange impacts on its net monetary assets and its ability to provide the
capital required for product development, operations and marketing. For a detailed discussion of
these risk factors and other risk factors that could affect Ballard’s future performance, please
refer to Ballard’s most recent Annual Information Form.


Readers should not place undue reliance on Ballard’s forward-looking statements and Ballard
assumes no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward looking statements,
other than as required under applicable legislation.


Ballard and the Ballard logo registered trademarks of Ballard Power Systems Inc.


Further Information

For further information, or to arrange an interview with a Ballard spokesperson, please contact
Lori Rozali at telephone number 604-453-3683 or on e-mail media@ballard.com.