Press Release

 

 Exhibit 99.1  

  AEGON announces appointment of Mark Mullin as President of AEGON Americas  AEGON USA Executive Vice President Mark Mullin has been appointed President of AEGON Americas with responsibility for operations in the United States, Canada and Latin
America.  Mr. Mullin currently heads AEGON’s pension operations in the United States, as well as AEGON’s US annuity and mutual fund
businesses. Mr. Mullin joined AEGON in 1987.  Current CEO of AEGON Americas Pat Baird will continue to maintain direct responsibility for AEGON’s
life reinsurance business, in addition to his international responsibilities as a member of AEGON N.V.’s Management Board, which include AEGON’s business in Asia. Mr. Baird is also currently serving a one-year term as Chairman of the
American Council of Life Insurers (ACLI), which ends in October, 2009. Mr. Mullin will continue to report to Pat Baird.  “The Americas are vital
to the success of AEGON’s long-term strategy,” said Alex Wynaendts, AEGON’s CEO. “Mark’s extensive knowledge of our businesses there and his strong track record will be a tremendous asset as we strengthen our position in
what continues to be the world’s largest market for life insurance and pensions.”  With businesses in the United States, Canada, Mexico and
Brazil, AEGON companies employ more than 15,000 people and serve some 20 million customers across the Americas. Approximately 60% of AEGON’s total business is generated in the Americas.  Group Corporate Communications & Investor Relations   







Media relations
  
Investor relations

Greg Tucker
  
Gerbrand Nijman

+ 31 (0)70 – 344 8344
  
+ 31 (0)70 – 344 8305 or 877 548 9668 – toll free USA only

E-mail: gcc-ir@aegon.com
  
E-mail: ir@aegon.com
 Website  www.aegon.com   










   Media relations +31 (0)70 344 8344 Investor relations +31 (0)70 344 8305
  
   Website www.aegon.com
  
   20090126






   About
AEGON & AEGON Americas      AEGON  As an international life insurance, pension and investment
company based in The Hague, AEGON has businesses in over twenty markets in the Americas, Europe and Asia. AEGON companies employ almost 32,000 people and have over 40 million customers across the globe.   









 Key figures
  
2007
  
First nine months 2008

 Underlying earnings before tax
  
EUR 2.64 billion
  
EUR 1.75 billion

 New life sales
  
EUR 3.27 billion
  
EUR 2.03 billion

 Gross deposits
  
EUR 44.53 billion
  
EUR 28.82 billion

 Revenue generating investments  (At September 30, 2008)
  

  
EUR 351 billion
 AEGON Americas  AEGON has businesses in the United States, Canada, Mexico and Brazil. In the United States, AEGON includes some of the country’s leading life insurers, including Transamerica, Monumental Life and Western Reserve Life. Together, AEGON
companies in the Americas have more than twenty million customers and work with approximately 100,000 agents across the region. In all, AEGON employs more than 15,000 people in the Americas. Approximately 60% of AEGON’s total business is
generated in the Americas.      Forward-looking statements  The statements contained in this press
release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: believe, estimate, target, intend,
may, expect, anticipate, predict, project, counting on, plan, continue, want, forecast, should, would, is confident, will, and similar expressions as they relate to our company. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include
but are not limited to the following:   


•
 
 Changes in general economic conditions, particularly in the United States, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;   


•
 
 Changes in the performance of financial markets, including emerging markets, such as with regard to:   


 
•
 
 The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in our fixed income investment portfolios; and   


 
•
 
 The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities
we hold;   


•
 
 The frequency and severity of insured loss events;   


•
 
 Changes affecting mortality, morbidity and other factors that may impact the profitability of our insurance products;   


•
 
 Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;   


•
 
 Changes affecting currency exchange rates, in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;   


•
 
 Increasing levels of competition in the United States, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and emerging markets;   


•
 
 Changes in laws and regulations, particularly those affecting our operations, the products we sell, and the attractiveness of certain products to our consumers;
  


•
 
 Regulatory changes relating to the insurance industry in the jurisdictions in which we operate;   


•
 
 Acts of God, acts of terrorism, acts of war and pandemics;   


•
 
 Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;   


•
 
 Litigation or regulatory action that could require us to pay significant damages or change the way we do business;   


•
 
 Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;   


•
 
 Competitive, legal, regulatory, or tax changes that affect the distribution cost of or demand for our products;   


•
 
 Our failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies as well as other cost saving initiatives; and   


•
 
 The impact our adoption of the International Financial Reporting Standards may have on our reported financial results and financial condition.
  
   Local knowledge. Global power.  |    Page 2 of 2