Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard Fuel Cells To Power Telecom Backup Power Units For Motorola


For Immediate Release – July 13, 2009


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) announced that its FCgen
TM -1020ACS fuel cell product is the power source for a 1.6 kiloWatt backup power
system deployed by Motorola, a major global telecommunications solution provider. Dantherm Power
A/S, through its affiliate Dantherm Air Handling A/S, is utilizing Ballard’s fuel cell product in a
fully integrated cabinet solution for Motorola TETRA base stations throughout Denmark’s SINE
network.


Michael Goldstein, Chief Commercial Officer of Ballard stated, “Motorola’s deployment of Ballard’s
FCgenTM -1020ACS product in a TETRA-standard public safety system highlights the
significant market potential for fuel cells in wireless network deployments worldwide.
Telecommunications solution providers are valuing the virtually unlimited backup power provided by
fuel cells.”


Motorola is responsible for establishment and operation of Denmark’s nationwide SINE public safety
network, which consists of approximately 500 sites. Ballard fuel cells will provide reliable backup
power in 123 base stations across Denmark.


Denmark’s SINE network is based on the TETRA (Terrestrial Trunked Radio) standard, developed by the
European Telecommunications Standards Institute. The TETRA standard and protocol are being
specified for use in numerous professional mobile radio systems around the globe. These systems
ensure that various public safety authorities — such as police, fire and ambulance services,
transportation organizations, utilities and military groups – are able to maintain continuous,
secure communication with one another during any emergency situation. TETRA standards ensure a
higher level of reliability than public cellular services. As of September 2008, a total of 2,232
TETRA-based contracts were in-place across 105 countries in Europe, the Asia Pacific region and the
Middle East.


Backup power solutions based on fuel cell technology deliver a number of significant advantages
over conventional batteries and diesel generators, including higher reliability over a wide range
of operating conditions, lower maintenance costs, longer operating life, and reduced size, weight,
installation footprint, and environmental impact. The FCgen TM -1020ACS
fuel cell stack provides all of these advantages and enables an extremely compact and
cost-effective backup power solution with its air-cooled design.


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) is recognized as a world leader in the design,
development, manufacture and sale of clean energy fuel cell products. Ballard’s mission is to
accelerate fuel cell product adoption. To learn more about what Ballard is doing with Power to
Change the World®, visit www.ballard.com.


For further information, or to arrange an interview with a Ballard spokesperson, please contact
Lori Rozali at telephone number 604-453-3804 or on e-mail media@ballard.com. Ballard, the Ballard
logo and Power to Change the World are registered trademarks of Ballard Power Systems Inc.