Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    A-Power
and Thailand’s Biomass Electricity Co. Ltd.
    Sign
a Definitive Contract To Build A 150 MW Biomass Power Plant
    
    Shenyang, China, December 22, 2009 —
A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (NASDAQ: APWR) ("A-Power" or “the
Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”) systems in
China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today announced it has
signed a definitive DG contract with Thailand’s Biomass Electricity Co., Ltd.
("Biomass Electricity") to develop a 150 MW biomass firing power plant in Prachinburi,
Thailand.
    
    This
contract covers the design of the power station, the procurement and
installation of the three
main engines and other auxiliary equipment. In addition, A-Power will be the
general contractor for the five main power station systems: the civic
engineering system, the chemical water treatment system, the output system, the
electrical system and the thermal control
system.
    
    The total
value of the contract is US$ 86 million, which includes fees related to design
and installation, and expenses related to procurement and sub-contracting with
third-party vendors and construction companies. This biomass DG project has
commenced in December and the estimated duration of the project is 27
months.
    
    About
A-Power
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        
        
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
    
     
    Safe
Harbor Statement
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction,
manufacturing and development delays on our projects which could adversely
affect our financial condition and operating results; our limited operating
history and recent entrance into new jurisdictional markets may make it
difficult for you to evaluate our business and future prospects; we may not be
able to successfully develop our business in new jurisdictional markets, which
would have a negative impact on the results of our operations derived from such
new jurisdictional markets;  our customers may not be able to obtain
the financing required for these projects, and thus, we may not be able to
derive revenues from such agreements,  as well as other relevant risks
detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2008. The information set forth herein should be read in
light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the information contained
in this press release, except as required under applicable law.
     
    Contact:
     
    John S.
Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Dixon
Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9403
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com