acl6k0709novabay991.htm




    
    
     
    Exhibit
99.1
                       
     
     
    
       
      Alcon
Commences Phase 2 Clinical Trial of NovaBay’s
       
       
      NVC-422
for Viral Conjunctivitis
       
       
      EMERYVILLE, Calif. and Huenenberg,
Switzerland - July 5,
2009 – Alcon, Inc. (NYSE: ACL) and its partner, NovaBay Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (NYSE-AMEX: NBY), announced today that Alcon has begun treating patients in
a Phase 2 clinical trial of NovaBay’s patented lead Aganocide®
compound, NVC-422, for viral conjunctivitis, a type of “pink
eye”.  Conjunctivitis is a pervasive and painful condition that
affects both adults and children, leading to more than four million doctor and
emergency room visits in the United States each year.
       
      NovaBay
has a licensing and research collaboration agreement with Alcon, the world’s
leading eye care company, for use of its Aganocide®
compounds in the eye, ear and sinus, and in contact lens solutions.
       
      Developed
by NovaBay to mimic the body’s defense against infection, Aganocides® are
proprietary synthetic analogs of the same molecules used by white blood cells to
destroy harmful microbes in the body, such as viruses and
bacteria.  Because of their natural mechanism of action, NovaBay
believes that Aganocide®
compounds have a low potential for generating microbial resistance, offering a
potential solution to the problem of rising resistance of microbes to
traditional antibiotics.
       
      The Phase
2 viral conjunctivitis study follows a recently completed Phase 1 trial in which
safety and tolerability were successfully demonstrated in 120 healthy volunteers
with no reported serious adverse events.
       
      "We are
pleased to be entering mid-stage clinical testing for viral conjunctivitis,”
said Ron Najafi, Ph.D., chairman and chief executive officer of
NovaBay.  “This is the first step in the ophthalmic clinical
development program for NVC-422, which 
       
      
        
          
          
        
        
          
          
          
            
          
        
        
          
          
        
      
      has the
immediate goal of developing the first effective product to address viral
conjunctivitis for which there are limited treatment options.”
       
      The Phase
2 multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled trial is designed to determine
the safety and efficacy of NVC-422 in people with viral
conjunctivitis.   The study calls for enrolling approximately 250
patients at more than 30 medical centers, mostly in the United
States.
       
      "This
study is an important step forward with the clinical program for this
potentially dual-acting therapy to address the multiple causes of
conjunctivitis.  Dual action against viral and bacterial
conjunctivitis is important because when an infection is diagnosed it is
difficult, time-consuming and expensive to determine the underlying cause of the
infection and treat it properly," said Dr. Sabri Markabi, M.D., Alcon’s senior
vice president of research and development and chief medical
officer.
       
      About
Conjunctivitis
       
      Conjunctivitis,
which can result from either viral or bacterial infection, is an inflammation of
the thin, clear tissue that covers the white part of the eye and forms the
inside lining of the eyelid.  The viral disease is principally caused
by adenoviruses, but also can be caused by other viruses, such as
enterovirus.  There is no specific treatment for adenoviral
conjunctivitis, which can take up to three weeks or longer to clear on its
own.  Bacterial conjunctivitis is caused by a variety of bacteria and
is largely treated with topically applied antibiotic eye
drops.  Regular innovation to develop newer antibiotics is required
because over time antibiotics may encounter increasing bacterial
resistance.
       
      About Aganocide® Compounds
       
      
        The
Aganocide®
compounds are novel, proprietary, synthetic N-chlorinated antimicrobial
molecules specifically developed by NovaBay to mimic the body’s natural defense
against infection.  The Aganocide®
compounds maintain the biological activities while improving the stability of
naturally occurring N-chlorinated antimicrobial molecules.  These
highly differentiated compounds may 
         
        
          
            
            
          
          
            
            
            
              
            
          
          
            
            
          
        
        deliver
the same or better efficacy than currently used antibiotics without contributing
to the growing rise of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains.  In
preclinical testing, the Aganocide®
compounds have been shown to be highly effective against bacteria, viruses and
fungi.  They also have been demonstrated to be effective against
bacteria in biofilms, which render most antibiotics
ineffective.  Aganocides have a broad therapeutic index while
providing a high degree of potency, good tolerability as well as dosing
versatility and flexibility.
         
        About
Alcon
      
      
        Alcon,
Inc. is the world's leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.3
billion in 2008.  Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic
industry for more than 65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceutical products, surgical equipment and devices, contact lens care
solutions and other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and
other conditions of the eye.  For more information on Alcon, Inc.,
visit the Company's web site at www.alcon.com.
         
        About
NovaBay
      
      NovaBay
Pharmaceuticals is a mid-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing
its proprietary and patented Aganocide®
compounds, which are novel, synthetic anti-infective product candidates that are
bioequivalent to the active antimicrobial molecules generated within white blood
cells to treat and prevent a wide range of infections without causing bacterial
resistance.  NovaBay has internal development programs aimed at
addressing hospital and respiratory infections.  The company has a
licensing and research collaboration agreement with Alcon, Inc. for use of its
Aganocide®
compounds to treat eye, ear and sinus infections as well as in contact lens care
solutions.  NovaBay has also entered into an agreement with Galderma
S.A. to develop and commercialize Aganocides in acne, impetigo and other
dermatological indications.  NovaBay® and
Aganocide® are
trademarks of NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  For more information on
NovaBay, visit: www.novabaypharma.com.
      
        
         
        ###
         
         
      
      
        
          
            
            
          
          
            
            
            
              
            
          
          
            
            
          
        
         
        Forward-Looking
Statements
         
        The
statements in this press release regarding NovaBay’s and Alcon’s expectations
regarding the clinical trial and the potential efficacy of Aganocide®
compounds are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  The forward- looking
statements reflect the views of the management of NovaBay and Alcon as of the
date of this press release with respect to future events and are based on
assumptions and subject to significant risks and uncertainties (many of which
are outside of NovaBay’s or Alcon’s control), including the risk that FDA or
other regulatory review may delay or prevent the development of Aganocide®
compounds, and those detailed in the NovaBay’s and Alcon’s filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.  Given these uncertainties, you
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements.  Except to the extent required under the federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
of these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new information or
future events or circumstances or otherwise.
      
       
      
      For information,
contact:
      Alcon,
Inc.
      Doug
MacHatton, 800-400-8599
      Vice
President, Investor Relations and Strategic Communications
      www.alcon.com
      
      NovaBay
      Thomas
Paulson,
      Chief
Financial Officer
      510-899-8800
      www.novabaypharma.com