BCN 1404689
     
    
     
    British
Virgin Islands
     
    
      The
BVI Business Companies Act
    
    (No.
16 of 2004)
     
    Memorandum
and Articles of Association
     
    of
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd.
     
    Incorporated
the 14th day of
May, 2007
     
    Amended
and Restated the 12th day of October, 2007
     
    Amended
and Restated the 16th day of January, 2008
     
    Amended
and Restated the 21st of
August, 2009
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    2
     
    Maples
Finance BVI Limited
     
    Kingston
Chambers
     
    P.O.
Box 173
     
    Road
Town, Tortola
     
    British
Virgin Islands
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    TERRITORY
OF THE BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS
     
    THE
BVI BUSINESS COMPANIES ACT, 2004
     
    (the
"Act")
     
    MEMORANDUM
OF ASSOCIATION
     
    OF
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd.
     
    NAME
     
    
      
          
            
              1
            
            
              The
      name of the Company is A-Power Energy Generation Systems,
    Ltd.
            
          
      
    
     
    COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES
     
    
      
          
            
              2
            
            
              The
      Company is a company limited by shares.  The liability of each
      member is limited to the amount from time to time unpaid on such member's
      shares.
            
          
      
    
     
    REGISTERED
OFFICE
     
    
      
          
            
              3
            
            
              The
      first registered office of the Company will be situated at the office of
      the registered agent which is Kingston Chambers, P.O. Box 173, Road Town,
      Tortola, British Virgin Islands or such other place as the directors or
      members may from time to time decide, being the office of the registered
      agent.
            
          
      
    
     
    REGISTERED
AGENT
     
    
      
          
            
              4
            
            
              The
      first registered agent of the Company will be Maples Finance BVI Limited
      of Kingston Chambers, P.O. Box 173, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin
      Islands or such other registered agent as the directors or members may
      decide from time to time.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    2
     
    GENERAL
OBJECTS AND POWERS
     
    
      
          
            
              5
            
            
              Subject
      to Regulation 6 below the objects for which the Company is established are
      unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry
      out any object not prohibited by the BVI
      Business Companies Act, 2004
      or as the same may be revised from time to time, or any other law of the
      British Virgin
    Islands.
            
          
      
    
     
    LIMITATIONS
ON THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS
     
    
      
          
            
              6
            
            
              For
      the purposes of section 9(4) of the Act the Company has no power
      to:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              carry
      on banking or trust business, unless it is licensed under the Banks and
      Trust Companies Act, 1990;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              carry
      on business as an insurance or as a reinsurance company, insurance agent
      or insurance broker, unless it is licensed under an enactment authorising
      it to carry on that business;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              carry
      on the business of company management unless it is licensed under the
      Companies Management Act, 1990;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              carry
      on the business of providing the registered office or the registered agent
      for companies incorporated in the British Virgin Islands;
    or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (e)
            
            
              carry
      on the business as a mutual fund, mutual fund manager or mutual fund
      administrator unless it is licensed under the Mutual Funds Act,
      1996.
            
          
      
    
     
    AUTHORISED
SHARES
     
    
      
          
            
              7
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              The
      Company is authorised to issue a maximum of 151,000,000 shares of the
      following classes with a par value of US$0.0001
  each:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              150,000,000
      common shares ("Common
      Shares"); and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              1,000,000
      preferred shares ("Preferred
      Shares").
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              The
      shares in the Company shall be issued in the currency of the United States
      of America.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              Each
      Common Share in the Company confers on the
  holder:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    3
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              the
      right to one vote at a meeting of the members of the Company or on any
      resolution of the members of the
Company;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              the
      right to an equal share in any dividend paid by the Company in accordance
      with the Act; and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              the
      right to an equal share in the distribution of the surplus assets of the
      Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              The
      directors may, subject to the Act, by amending this Memorandum and/or the
      Articles, determine the rights that any Preferred Share issued by the
      Company confers on the holder.
            
          
      
    
     
    REGISTERED
SHARES ONLY
     
    
      
          
            
              8
            
            
              Shares
      in the Company may only be issued as registered shares and the Company is
      not authorised to issue bearer shares.  Registered shares may
      not be exchanged for bearer shares or converted to bearer
      shares.
            
          
      
    
     
    AMENDMENTS
     
    
      
          
            
              9
            
            
              Subject
      to the provisions of the Act, the Company shall by resolution of the
      members (or by resolution of the directors only where such amendment is
      required to provide for the rights conferred by Preferred Shares on their
      holders pursuant to Clause 7(d)) have the power to amend or modify any of
      the conditions contained in this Memorandum of
  Association.
            
          
      
    
     
    We,
Maples Finance BVI Limited of Kingston Chambers, P.O. Box 173, Road Town,
Tortola, British Virgin Islands in our capacity as registered agent for the
Company hereby apply to the Registrar for the incorporation of the Company this
14th day of May 2007.
     
    Incorporator
    
    Sgd.
Sulin J. Smith
    Authorised
Signatory
    Maples
Finance BVI Limited
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    TERRITORY
OF THE BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS
     
    THE
BVI BUSINESS COMPANIES ACT, 2004
     
    ARTICLES
OF ASSOCIATION
     
    OF
     
    
      A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd.
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              INTERPRETATION
            
          
      
    
     
    References
in these Articles of Association ("Articles") to the Act shall
mean the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004.  The following Articles
shall constitute the Articles of the Company.  In these Articles,
words and expressions defined in the Act shall have the same meaning and, unless
otherwise required by the context, the singular shall include the plural and
vice versa, the masculine shall include the feminine and the neuter and
references to persons shall include corporations and all legal entities capable
of having a legal existence.
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              SHARES
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              1
            
            
              Every
      person whose name is entered as a member in the share register, being the
      holder of registered shares, shall without payment, be entitled to a
      certificate signed by a director or under the common seal of the Company
      with or without the signature of any director or officer of the Company
      specifying the share or shares held and the par value thereof, provided
      that in respect of shares held jointly by several persons, the Company
      shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate and delivery of a
      certificate for a share to one of several joint holders shall be
      sufficient delivery to all.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              2
            
            
              If
      a certificate is worn out or lost it may be renewed on production of the
      worn out certificate, or on satisfactory proof of its loss together with
      such indemnity as the directors may reasonably require.  Any
      member receiving a share certificate shall indemnify and hold the Company
      and its officers harmless from any loss or liability which it or they may
      incur by reason of wrongful or fraudulent use or representation made by
      any person by virtue of the possession of such a
    certificate.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    2
     
    SHARES AND VARIATION OF RIGHTS
     
    
      
          
            
              3
            
            
              Subject to the provisions of these Articles, the
      unissued shares of the Company (whether forming part of the original or
      any increased authorised shares) shall be at the disposal of the
      directors who may offer, allot, grant options over or
      otherwise dispose of them to such persons at such times and for such
      consideration, being not less than the par value of the shares being
      disposed of, and upon such terms and conditions as the directors may
      determine.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              4
            
            
              Without prejudice to any special rights previously
      conferred on the holders of any existing shares or class of shares, any
      share in the Company may be issued with such preferred, deferred or other
      special rights or such restrictions, whether in regard to dividend, voting
      or otherwise as the directors may from time to time
      determine.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              5
            
            
              Subject to the provisions of the Act in this
      regard, shares may be issued on the terms that they are
      redeemable, or at the option of the Company be liable to be redeemed on
      such terms and in such manner as the directors before or at the time of
      the issue of such shares may
determine.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              6
            
            
              The directors may redeem any share issued by the
      Company at a premium.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              7
            
            
              If at any time the Company is authorised to issue
      shares of more than one class the rights attached to any class
      (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that
      class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied with
      the consent in writing of the holders of not less than three-fourths of
      the issued shares of that class and the holders of not less than
      three-fourths of the issued shares of any other class of shares which may
      be affected by such variation.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              8
            
            
              The rights conferred upon the holders of the
      shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall not,
      unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the shares of
      that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further
      shares ranking pari passu
therewith.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              9
            
            
              Except as required by the Act, no person shall be
      recognised by the Company as holding any share upon any trust, and the
      Company shall not be bound by or be compelled in any way to recognise
      (even when having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent, future or
      partial interest in any share or any interest in any fractional part of a
      share or (except as provided by these Articles or by the Act) any other
      rights in respect of any share except any absolute right to the
      entirety thereof by the registered
holder.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    3
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              TRANSFER
      OF SHARES
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              10
            
            
              Shares
      in the Company shall be transferred by a written instrument of transfer
      signed by the transferor and containing the name and address of the
      transferee.  The instrument of transfer shall also be signed by
      the transferee if registration as a holder of the shares imposes a
      liability to the Company on the transferee.  The instrument of
      transfer of a registered share shall be sent to the Company for
      registration.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              11
            
            
              Subject
      to the Memorandum of Association, these Articles and to Section 54(5) of
      the Act, the Company shall, on receipt of an instrument of transfer, enter
      the name of the transferee of the share in the register of members unless
      the directors resolve to refuse or delay the registration of the transfer
      for reasons that shall be specified in the
  resolution.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              TRANSMISSION
      OF SHARES
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              12
            
            
              Subject
      to Sections 52(2) and 53 of the Act, the executor or administrator of a
      deceased member, the guardian of an incompetent member or the trustee of a
      bankrupt member shall be the only person recognised by the Company as
      having any title to his share, save that and only in the event of death,
      incompetence or bankruptcy of any member or members of the Company as a
      consequence of which the Company no longer has any directors or members,
      then upon the production of any documentation which is reasonable evidence
      of the applicant being entitled to:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              a
      grant of probate of the deceased's will, or grant of letters of
      administration of the deceased's estate, or confirmation of the
      appointment as executor or administrator (as the case may be), of a
      deceased member's estate; or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              the
      appointment of a guardian of an incompetent member;
  or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              the
      appointment as trustee of a bankrupt member;
or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              upon
      production of any other reasonable evidence of the applicant's beneficial
      ownership of, or entitlement to the
shares,
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              to
      the Company's registered agent in the British Virgin Islands together with
      (if so requested by the registered agent) a notarised copy of the share
      certificate(s) of the deceased, incompetent or bankrupt member, an
      indemnity in favour of the registered agent and appropriate legal advice
      in respect of any document issued by a foreign court, then the
      administrator, executor, guardian or trustee in bankruptcy (as the case
      may be) notwithstanding that their name has not been entered in the share
      register of the Company, may by written resolution of the applicant,
      endorsed with written approval by the registered agent, be appointed a
      director of the Company or entered in the share register as the legal and
      or beneficial owner of the shares.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    4
     
    
      
          
            
              13
            
            
              The
      production to the Company of any document which is reasonable evidence
      of:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              a
      grant of probate of the will, or grant of letters of administration of the
      estate, or confirmation of the appointment as executor, of a deceased
      member; or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (b) 
            
            
              the
      appointment of a guardian of an incompetent member;
  or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (c) 
            
            
              the
      trustee of a bankrupt member; or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (d) 
            
            
              the
      applicant's legal and or beneficial ownership of the
    shares,
            
          
      
    
     
    shall be
accepted by the Company even if the deceased, incompetent member or bankrupt
member is domiciled outside the British Virgin Islands if the document is issued
by a foreign court which had competent jurisdiction in the
matter.  For the purposes of establishing whether or not a foreign
court had competent jurisdiction in such a matter the directors may obtain
appropriate legal advice.  The directors may also require an indemnity
to be given by the executor, administrator, guardian or trustee in
bankruptcy.
     
    
      
          
            
              14
            
            
              Any
      person becoming entitled by operation of law or otherwise to a share or
      shares in consequence of the death, incompetence or bankruptcy of any
      member may be registered as a member upon such evidence being produced as
      may reasonably be required by the directors.  An application by
      any such person to be registered as a member shall for all purposes be
      deemed to be a transfer of shares of the deceased, incompetent or bankrupt
      member and the directors shall treat it as
such.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              15
            
            
              Any
      person who has become entitled to a share or shares in consequence of the
      death, incompetence or bankruptcy of any member may, instead of being
      registered himself, request in writing that some person to be named by him
      be registered as the transferee of such share or shares and such request
      shall likewise be treated as if it were a
  transfer.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              16
            
            
              What
      amounts to incompetence on the part of a person is a matter to be
      determined by the court having regard to all the relevant evidence and the
      circumstances of the case.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    5
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ACQUISITION
      OF OWN SHARES
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              17
            
            
              Subject
      to the provisions of the Act in this regard, the directors may, on behalf
      of the Company, subject to authorisation by
      a resolution of the members, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
      any of the Company's own shares for such consideration as they consider
      fit, and either cancel or hold such shares as treasury
      shares.  The directors may dispose of any shares held as
      treasury shares on such terms and conditions as they may from time to time
      determine.  Shares may be purchased or otherwise acquired in
      exchange for newly issued shares in the
Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              MEETINGS
      OF MEMBERS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              18
            
            
              The
      directors may convene meetings of the members of the Company at such times
      and in such manner and places as the directors consider necessary or
      desirable, and they shall convene such a meeting upon the written request
      of members entitled to exercise at least thirty (30) percent of the voting
      rights in respect of the matter for which the meeting is
      requested.  Meetings of members shall take place at least
      annually (the “Annual
      Meeting”) and may meet at such other times as provided for below
      (“Special
      Meetings”).
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              19
            
            
              Written
      notice of meetings of members shall be given to each member entitled to
      vote at such meeting not fewer than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days
      prior to the date of the meeting.  Notice of the meeting shall
      specify at least the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the
      nature of the business to be conducted.  Such persons whose
      names at the close of business on the date prior to the date that the
      notice is given appear as members in the share register of the Company are
      entitled to vote at the meeting, unless a different date for determining
      the entitlement to vote is set forth in the notice, which date shall be
      not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the date of
      the meeting nor more than ten (10) days after the date that notice of the
      meeting is given.  To be properly brought before the Annual
      Meeting, business must be either (i) specified in the notice of Annual
      Meeting (or any supplement or amendment thereto) given by or at the
      direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise brought before the
      Annual Meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (iii)
      otherwise  properly brought before the Annual Meeting by a
      member.  In addition to any other applicable requirements, for
      business to be properly brought before an Annual Meeting by a member, the
      member must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary
      of the Company. To be timely, a member's notice must be delivered to or
      mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Company not
      less than sixty (60) days nor more than ninety (90) days prior to the
      meeting; provided, however, that in the event that less than seventy (70)
      days’ notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the Annual Meeting
      is given or made to members, notice by a member, to be timely, must be
      received no later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day
      following the day on which such notice of the date of the Annual
      Meeting  was mailed or such public disclosure was made,
      whichever first occurs. A member’s notice to the Secretary shall set forth
      (a) as to each matter the member proposes to bring before the Annual
      Meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought
      before the Annual Meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at
      the Annual Meeting, and (ii) any  material  interest
      of  the member in such business, and (b) as to the member giving
      the notice (i) the name and record address of the member and (ii) the
      class, series and number of shares of capital stock of the Company which
      are beneficially owned  by
      the  member.  Notwithstanding anything  in
      these Articles  to the contrary, no business shall be
      conducted  at
      the  Annual  Meeting  except in accordance
      with the  procedures set forth in this Article 19. The officer
      of the  Company presiding at an Annual Meeting shall, if the
      facts warrant, determine and declare to the annual meeting that business
      was not properly brought before the Annual Meeting in accordance with the
      provisions of this Article 19, and if such officer should so determine,
      such officer shall so declare to the Annual Meeting and any such business
      not properly brought before the meeting shall not be
      transacted.
            
          
      
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    6
     
    
      
          
            
              20
            
            
              Notwithstanding
      Article 19 a meeting of members held in contravention of the requirement
      to give notice is valid if members holding a ninety (90) percent majority
      of:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              the
      total voting rights on all the matters to be considered at the meeting;
      or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              the votes of each
      class or series of shares where members are entitled to vote thereon as a
      class or series together with an absolute majority of the remaining votes,
      
            
          
      
    
     
    have waived notice of the meeting and, for this purpose, the
presence of a member at the meeting shall be deemed to constitute waiver on his
part.
     
    
      
          
            
              21
            
            
              The
      inadvertent failure of the directors to give notice of a meeting to a
      member or the fact that a member has not received the notice, shall not
      invalidate the meeting.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              PROCEEDINGS
      AT MEETINGS OF MEMBERS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              22
            
            
              No
      business shall be transacted at any meeting of members unless a quorum of
      members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to
      business.  A quorum shall consist of the holder or holders
      present in person or by proxy entitled to exercise at least fifty (50)
      percent of the voting rights of the shares of each class or series of
      shares entitled to vote as a class or series thereon and the same
      proportion of the votes of the remaining shares entitled to vote
      thereon.
            
          
      
    
     
    A member
may attend a meeting of members personally or be represented by a proxy who may
speak and vote on behalf of the member.
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    7
     
    A member
of the Company shall be deemed to be present at a meeting of members if he or
his proxy participates by telephone or other electronic means; and all members
and proxies participating in the meeting are able to hear each
other.
     
    
      
          
            
              23
            
            
              If,
      within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting, a quorum is
      not present, the meeting shall be
dissolved.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              24
            
            
              At
      every meeting the members present shall choose someone of their number to
      be the chairman (the "Chairman").  If
      the members are unable to choose a Chairman for any reason, then the
      person representing the greatest number of voting shares present at the
      meeting shall preside as Chairman.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              25
            
            
              The
      Chairman may, with the consent of the meeting, adjourn any meeting from
      time to time, and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted
      at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the
      meeting from which the adjournment took
place.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              26
            
            
              At
      any meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided
      on a show of hands by a simple majority of those members present (or their
      duly appointed proxies) entitled to vote and voting on the resolution
      unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show
      of hands) demanded:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              by
      the Chairman; or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              by
      any member present in person or by proxy and holding not less than one
      tenth of the total voting shares issued by the Company and having the
      right to vote at the meeting.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              27
            
            
              Unless
      a poll be so demanded, a declaration by the Chairman that a resolution
      has, on a show of hands been carried, and an entry to that effect in the
      book containing the minutes of the proceedings
      of the Company, shall be sufficient evidence of  the fact,
      without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour
      of or against such resolution.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              28
            
            
              If
      a poll is duly demanded it shall be taken in such manner as the Chairman
      directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution
      of the meeting at which the poll
      was demanded.  The demand for a poll may be
      withdrawn.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    8
     
    
      
          
            
              29
            
            
              In
      the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands, or on a
      poll, the Chairman of the meeting at which the show of hands takes place,
      or at which the poll is demanded, shall be entitled to a second or casting
      vote.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              VOTES
      OF MEMBERS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              30
            
            
              At
      any meeting of members whether on a show of hands or on a poll every
      holder of a voting share present in person or by proxy shall have one vote
      for every voting share of which he is the
  holder.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              31
            
            
              Subject
      to the Memorandum of Association or these Articles, an action that may be
      taken by members of the Company at a meeting of members may also be taken
      by a resolution of members consented to in writing or by telex, telegram,
      cable or other written electronic communication, without the need for any
      notice.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              32
            
            
              If
      a committee is appointed for any member who is of unsound mind, that
      member may vote by such committee.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              33
            
            
              If
      two or more persons are jointly entitled to a registered share or shares
      and if more than one of such persons shall vote in person or by proxy at
      any meeting of members or in accordance with the terms of Article 31, the
      vote of that person whose name appears first among such voting joint
      holders in the share register shall alone be
  counted.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              34
            
            
              Votes
      may be given either personally or by
proxy.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              35
            
            
              The
      instrument appointing a proxy shall be produced at the place appointed for
      the meeting before the time for holding the meeting at which the person
      named in such instrument proposes to
vote.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              36
            
            
              Subject
      to Article 37 below, an instrument appointing a proxy shall be in such
      form as the Chairman of the meeting shall accept as properly evidencing
      the wishes of the member appointing the
proxy.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              37
            
            
              The
      instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the
      appointer unless the appointer is a corporation or other form of legal
      entity other than one or more individuals holding as joint owner in which
      case the instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand
      of an individual duly authorised by such corporation or legal entity to
      execute the same.  The Chairman of any meeting at which a vote
      is cast by proxy so authorised may call for a notarially certified copy of
      such authority which shall be produced within seven days of being so
      requested failing which the vote or votes cast by such proxy shall be
      disregarded.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    9
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              CORPORATIONS
      ACTING BY REPRESENTATIVES AT
MEETINGS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              38
            
            
              Any
      corporation or other form of corporate legal entity which is a member of
      the Company may by resolution of its directors or other governing body
      authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any
      meeting of the members or any class of members of the Company, and the
      person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on
      behalf of the corporation which he represents as that corporation could
      exercise if it were an individual member of the
  Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      DIRECTORS
    
     
    
      
          
            
              39
            
            
              Subject
      to any subsequent amendment to change the number of directors, the number
      of the directors shall be not less than two or more than
      fifteen.  The first director or directors shall be appointed by
      the registered agent of the Company.  Thereafter, the directors
      shall be appointed and removed by resolution of directors or resolution of
      members for such terms as the directors or members may so
      determine.  Sections 114(2) and 114(3) of the Act shall not
      apply to the Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              40
            
            
              Commencing
      at the first annual meeting of the members, and at each annual meeting
      thereafter, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms
      expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third
      succeeding annual meeting of the members after their
      election.  All directors shall hold office until the expiration
      of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have
      been elected and qualified.  Election of directors need not be
      by ballot.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              41
            
            
              Notwithstanding
      the provisions of Section 114 of the Act, each director holds office until
      his successor takes office or until his earlier death, resignation or
      removal by the members or a resolution passed by the majority of the
      remaining directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              42
            
            
              Except
      as the Act may otherwise require, in the interim between annual meetings
      of members or special meetings of members called for the election of
      directors and/or the removal of one or more directors and the filling of
      any vacancy in that connection, newly created directorships and any
      vacancies in the Board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies
      resulting from the removal of directors for cause, may be filled by the
      vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, although
      less than a quorum (as defined in these Articles), or by the sole
      remaining director.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              43
            
            
              A
      director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation
      or removal of a director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of
      the director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such
      vacancy and until his successor shall have been elected and
      qualified.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    10
     
    
      
          
            
              44
            
            
              A
      director shall not require a share qualification, but nevertheless shall
      be entitled to attend and speak at any meeting of the members and at any
      separate meeting of the holders of any class of shares in the
      Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              45
            
            
              The
      directors may, by resolution, fix the emolument of directors in respect of
      services rendered or to be rendered in any capacity to the
      Company.  The directors may also be paid such travelling, hotel
      and other expenses properly incurred by them in attending and returning
      from meetings of the directors, or any committee of the directors or
      meetings of the members, or in connection with the business of the Company
      as shall be approved by resolution of the
  directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              46
            
            
              Any
      director who, by request, goes or resides abroad for any purposes of the
      Company, or who performs services which in the opinion of the Board go
      beyond the ordinary duties of a director, may be paid such extra
      remuneration (whether by way of salary, commission, participation in
      profits or otherwise) as shall be approved by resolution of the
      directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              47
            
            
              The
      Company may pay to a director who at the request of the Company holds any
      office (including a directorship) in, or renders services to, any company
      in which the Company may be interested, such remuneration (whether by way
      of salary, commission, participation in profits or otherwise) in respect
      of such office or services as shall be approved by resolution of the
      directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              48
            
            
              The
      office of director shall be vacated if the
  director:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              is
      removed from office by resolution of
      members; or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              is removed from office by resolution of the
      directors of the Company;
      or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              becomes
      disqualified to act as a director under Section 111 of the
      Act.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              49
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              A
      director may hold any other office or position of profit under the Company
      (except that of auditor) in conjunction with his office of director, and
      may act in a professional capacity to the Company on such terms as to
      remuneration and otherwise as the directors shall
  arrange.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    11
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              A
      director may be or become a director or officer of, or otherwise be
      interested in any company promoted by the Company, or in which the Company
      may be interested, as a member or otherwise and no such director shall be
      accountable for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as
      director or officer or from his interest in such other
      company.  The directors may also exercise the voting powers
      conferred by the shares in any other company held or owned by the Company
      in such manner in all respects as they think fit, including the exercise
      thereof in favour of any resolutions appointing them, or of their number,
      directors or officers of such other company, or voting or providing for
      the payment of remuneration to the directors or officers of such other
      company.  A director may vote in favour of the exercise of such
      voting rights in the manner aforesaid notwithstanding that he may be, or
      be about to become, a director or officer of such other company, and as
      such in any other manner is, or may be, interested in the exercise of such
      voting rights in the manner
aforesaid.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              No
      director shall be disqualified by his office from contracting with the
      Company either as a vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such
      contract or arrangement entered into by or on behalf of the Company in
      which any director shall be in any way interested be voided, nor shall any
      director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the
      Company for any profit realised by any such contract or arrangement, by
      reason of such director holding that office or by reason of the fiduciary
      relationship thereby established, provided the procedure in Article 49 (d)
      below is followed.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              A
      director of the Company shall, immediately after becoming aware of the
      fact that he is interested in a transaction entered into or to be entered
      into by the Company, disclose such interest to the board of
      directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (e)
            
            
              A
      director of the Company is not required to comply with Article 49(d) above
      if:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              the
      transaction or proposed transaction is between the director and the
      Company; and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              the
      transaction or proposed transaction is or is to be entered into in the
      ordinary course of the Company's business and on usual terms and
      conditions.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (f)
            
            
              For
      the purposes of Article 49(d) above, a disclosure to the board to the
      effect that a director is a member, director, officer or trustee of
      another named company or other person and is to be regarded as interested
      in any transaction which may, after the date of the entry or disclosure,
      be entered into with that company or person, is a sufficient disclosure of
      interest in relation to that
transaction.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    12
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (g)
            
            
              Subject
      to Section 125(1) of the Act, the failure by a director to comply with
      Article 49(d) does not affect the validity of a transaction entered into
      by the director or the Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              OFFICERS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              50
            
            
              The
      directors of the Company may, by resolution of directors, appoint officers
      of the Company at such times as shall be considered necessary or
      expedient, and such officers may consist of a President, one or more Vice
      Presidents, a Secretary, and a Treasurer and/or such other officers as may
      from time to time be deemed desirable.  The officers shall
      perform such duties as shall be prescribed at the time of their
      appointment subject to any modifications in such duties as may be
      prescribed by the directors thereafter, but in the absence of any specific
      allocation of duties it shall be the responsibility of the President to
      manage the day to day affairs of the Company, the Vice Presidents to act
      in order of seniority in the absence of the President, but otherwise to
      perform such duties as may be delegated to them by the President, the
      Secretary to maintain the registers, minute books and records (other than
      financial records) of the Company and to ensure compliance with all
      procedural requirements imposed on the Company by applicable law, and the
      Treasurer to be responsible for the financial affairs of the
      Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              51
            
            
              Any
      person may hold more than one office and no officer need be a director or
      member of the Company.  The officers shall remain in office
      until removed from office by the directors, whether or not a successor is
      appointed.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              52
            
            
              Any
      officer who is a body corporate may appoint any person its duly authorised
      representative for the purpose of representing it and of transacting any
      of the business of the officers.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              POWERS
      OF DIRECTORS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              53
            
            
              The
      business of the Company shall be managed by the directors who may pay all
      expenses incurred preliminary to and in connection with the formation and
      registration of the Company, and may exercise all such powers of the
      Company necessary for managing and for directing and supervising, the
      business and affairs of the Company as are not by the Act or by these
      Articles required to be exercised by the members subject to any delegation
      of such powers as may be authorised by these Articles and permitted by the
      Act and to such requirements as may be prescribed by resolution of the
      members, but no requirement made by resolution of the members shall
      prevail if it be inconsistent with these Articles nor shall such
      requirement invalidate any prior act of the directors which would have
      been valid if such requirement had not been
  made.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    13
     
    
      
          
            
              54
            
            
              The
      board of directors may entrust to and confer upon any director or officer
      any of the powers exercisable by it upon such terms and conditions and
      with such restrictions as it thinks fit, and either collaterally with, or
      to the exclusion of, its own powers, and may from time to time revoke,
      withdraw, alter or vary all or any of such powers.  Subject to
      the provisions of Section 110 of the Act, the directors may delegate any
      of their powers to committees consisting of such member or members of
      their body as they think fit.  Any committees so formed shall in
      the exercise of powers so delegated conform to any regulations that may be
      imposed on it by the directors or the provisions of the
    Act.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              55
            
            
              The
      directors may from time to time by power of attorney appoint any company,
      firm or person or body of persons to be the attorney or attorneys of the
      Company for such purposes and with such powers, authorities and
      discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the directors
      under these Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions
      as the directors think fit.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              56
            
            
              Any
      director who is a body corporate may appoint any person its duly
      authorised representative for the purpose of representing it at meetings
      of the directors and of transacting any of the business of the
      directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              57
            
            
              All
      cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable
      instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company, shall be
      signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may
      be, in such manner as the directors shall from time to time by resolution
      determine.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              58
            
            
              The
      directors may:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              exercise
      all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge
      its undertakings and property, to issue debentures, debenture stock and
      other securities whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt,
      liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party;
      and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              where
      the Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary, the directors may in exercising
      their powers or performing their duties, act in a manner which the
      directors believe is in the best interests of the Company's holding
      company even though it may not be in the best interests of the
      Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              59
            
            
              The
      continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body,
      save that if the number of directors shall have been fixed at two or more
      persons and by reason of vacancies having occurred in the board of
      directors there shall be only one continuing director, he shall be
      authorised to act alone only for the purpose of appointing another
      director.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    14
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              PROCEEDINGS
      OF DIRECTORS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              60
            
            
              The
      meetings of the board of directors and any committee thereof shall be held
      at such place or places as the directors shall
  decide.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              61
            
            
              The
      directors may elect a chairman (the "Chairman of the Board of
      Directors") of their meeting and determine the period for which he
      is to hold office.  If no such Chairman of the Board of
      Directors is elected, or if at any meeting the Chairman of the Board of
      Directors is not present at the time appointed for holding the meeting,
      the directors present may choose one of their number to be Chairman of the
      Board of Directors for the meeting.  If the directors are unable
      to choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors, for any reason, then the
      oldest director present at the meeting shall preside as the Chairman of
      the Board of Directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              62
            
            
              The
      directors may meet together for the dispatch of business, adjourn and
      otherwise regulate their meetings as they think fit.  Questions
      arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of
      votes.  In case of an equality in votes the Chairman shall have
      a second or casting vote.  A director may at any time summon a
      meeting of the directors.  If the Company shall have only one
      director, the provisions hereinafter contained for meetings of the
      directors shall not apply but such sole director shall have full power to
      represent and act for the Company in all matters and in lieu of minutes of
      a meeting shall record in writing and sign a note of memorandum of all
      matters requiring a resolution of the directors.  Such note or
      memorandum shall constitute sufficient evidence of such resolution for all
      purposes.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              63
            
            
              A
      director shall be given not less than three (3) days notice of a meeting
      of the directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              64
            
            
              Notwithstanding
      Article 63 a meeting of directors held in contravention of Article 63 is
      valid if a majority of the directors, entitled to vote at the meeting,
      have waived the notice of the meeting; and, for this purpose, the presence
      of a director at the meeting shall be deemed to constitute waiver on his
      part.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              65
            
            
              The
      inadvertent failure to give notice of a meeting to a director, or the fact
      that a director has not received the notice shall not invalidate the
      meeting.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              66
            
            
              A
      meeting of the directors is duly constituted for all purposes if at the
      commencement of the meeting there are present in person a majority of the
      total number of directors with a minimum of two (2), or in the case where
      the Company has only one director, a minimum of one
  (1).
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    15
     
    
      
          
            
              67
            
            
              If
      within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is
      not present, a majority of those directors present thereat may adjourn the
      meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the
      meeting, until a quorum shall be
present.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              68
            
            
              Any
      one or more members of the board of directors or any committee thereof may
      participate in a meeting of such board of directors or committee by means
      of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment allowing all
      persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same
      time.  Participating by such means shall constitute presence in
      person at a meeting.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              69
            
            
              A
      resolution approved by all of the directors for the time being entitled to
      receive notice of a meeting of the directors or of a committee of the
      directors and taking the form of one or more documents in writing or by
      telefax or other written or electronic communication shall be as valid and
      effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the directors or of
      such committee duly convened and held, without the need for any
      notice.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
            
            
              INDEMNITY
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              70
            
            
              Subject
      to the provisions of the Act, the Company may indemnify against all
      expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and
      amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with
      legal, administrative or investigative proceedings any person
      who:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              is
      or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
      pending or completed proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative
      or investigative, by reason of the fact that the person is or was a
      director of the
Company;  or
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              is
      or was, at the request of the Company, serving as a director of, or in any
      other capacity is or was acting for, another company or a partnership,
      joint venture, trust or other
enterprise.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              SEAL
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              71
            
            
              The
      directors shall provide for the safe custody of the common seal of the
      Company.  The common seal when affixed to any instrument except
      as provided in Article 2, shall be witnessed by a director or officer of
      the Company or any other person so authorised from time to time by the
      directors.  The directors may provide for a facsimile of the
      common seal and approve the signature of any director or authorised person
      which may be reproduced by printing or other means on any instrument and
      it shall have the same force and validity as if the common seal has been
      affixed to such instrument and the same had been signed as hereinbefore
      described.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    16
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              DISTRIBUTIONS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              72
            
            
              Subject
      to the provisions of the Act, the directors of a Company may, by
      resolution, authorise a distribution by the Company at a time, and of an
      amount, and to any members they think fit if they are satisfied, on
      reasonable grounds, that the Company will, immediately after the
      distribution, satisfy the solvency test as stipulated in Section 56 of the
      Act.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              73
            
            
              Subject
      to the rights of the holders of shares entitled to special rights as to
      distributions, all distributions shall be declared and paid according to
      the par value of the shares in issue, excluding those shares which are
      held by the Company as Treasury Shares at the date of declaration of the
      distribution.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              74
            
            
              The
      directors may, before recommending any distribution, set aside out of the
      profits of the Company such sums as they think proper as a reserve or
      reserves which shall, at their discretion, either be employed in the
      business of the Company or be invested in such investments as the
      directors may from time to time think
fit.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              75
            
            
              If
      several persons are registered as joint holders of any share, any of them
      may give effectual receipt for any distribution or other monies payable on
      or in respect of the share.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              76
            
            
              Notice
      of any distribution that may have been declared shall be given to each
      member in manner hereinafter mentioned and all distributions unclaimed for
      three years after having been declared may be forfeited by the directors
      for the benefit of the Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              77
            
            
              No
      distribution shall bear interest against the
  Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              COMPANY
      RECORDS
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              78
            
            
              The
      Company shall keep records that:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              (a)
            
            
              are
      sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions;
    and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              (b)
            
            
              will,
      at any time, enable the financial position of the Company to be determined
      with reasonable accuracy.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    17
     
    
      
          
            
              79
            
            
              The
      Company shall keep:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              (a)
            
            
              minutes
      of all meetings of:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              directors,
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              members,
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              committees
      of directors, and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (iv)
            
            
              committees
      of members;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              (b)
            
            
              copies
      of all resolutions consented to by:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              directors,
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              members,
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              committees
      of directors, and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (iv)
            
            
              committees
      of members;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              (c)
            
            
              an imprint of the common seal at the registered
      office of the Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              80
            
            
              The
      Company shall keep the following records at the office of its registered
      agent or at such other place or places, within or outside the British
      Virgin Islands, as the directors may
determine:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              minutes
      of meetings and resolutions of members and of classes of members
      maintained in accordance with Article 79;
and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              minutes
      of meetings and resolutions of directors and committees of directors
      maintained in accordance with Article 79.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    18
     
    
      
          
            
              81
            
            
              The
      Company shall keep the following documents at the office of its registered
      agent:
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              the
      Memorandum of Association and Articles of the
  Company;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              the
      register of members maintained in accordance with Article 84 or a copy of the register of
      members;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              the
      register of directors maintained in accordance with Article 83 or a copy of the register of
      directors;
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              copies
      of all notices and other documents filed by the Company in the previous
      ten years; and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (e)
            
            
              a
      copy of the register of charges kept by the Company pursuant to Section
      162(1) of the Act.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              82
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Where
      the Company keeps a copy of the register of members or the register of
      directors at the office of its registered agent, it
  shall
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              within
      15 days of any change in the register, notify the registered agent,
      in   writing, of the change;
and
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              provide
      the registered agent with a  written record of the physical
      address of the place or places at which the original register of members
      or the original register of directors is
kept.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              Where the place at which the original register of
      members or the original register of directors is changed, the Company
      shall provide the registered agent with the physical address of the new
      location of the records within 14 days of the change of
      location.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              83
            
            
              The
      Company shall keep a register to be known as a register of directors
      containing the names and addresses of the persons who are directors of the
      Company, the date on which each person whose name is entered in the
      register was appointed as a director of the Company, the date on which
      each person named as a director ceased to be a director of the Company,
      and such other information as may be
prescribed.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    19
     
    
      
          
            
              84
            
            
              The
      Company shall maintain an accurate and complete register of members
      showing the full names and addresses of all persons holding registered
      shares in the Company, the number of each class and series of registered
      shares held by such person, the date on which the name of each member was
      entered in the register of members and where applicable, the date such
      person ceased to hold any registered shares in the
  Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              85
            
            
              The
      records, documents and registers required by Articles 79 to 84 inclusive
      shall be open to the inspection of the directors at all
    times.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              86
            
            
              The
      directors shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and
      at what times and places and under what conditions the records, documents
      and registers of the Company or any of them shall be open to the
      inspection of members not being directors, and no member (not being a
      director) shall have any right of inspecting any records, documents or
      registers of the Company except as conferred by the Act or authorised by
      resolution of the directors.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              AUDIT
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              87
            
            
              The
      directors may by resolution call for the accounts of the Company to be
      examined by an auditor or auditors to be appointed by them at such
      remuneration as may from time to time be
agreed.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              88
            
            
              The
      auditor may be a member of the company but no director or officer shall be
      eligible during his continuance in
office.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              89
            
            
              Every
      auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the
      books of accounts of the Company, and shall be entitled to require from
      the officers of the Company such information and explanations as he thinks
      necessary for the performance of his
duties.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              90
            
            
              The
      report of the auditor shall be annexed to the accounts upon which he
      reports, and the auditor shall be entitled to receive notice of, and to
      attend, any meeting at which the Company's audited Profit and Loss Account
      and Balance Sheet is to be
presented.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    20
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              NOTICES
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              91
            
            
              Any
      notice, information or written statement required to be given to members
      shall be served by mail (air-mail service if available) addressed to each
      member at the address shown in the share
  register.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              92
            
            
              All
      notices directed to be given to the members shall, with respect to any
      registered shares to which persons are jointly entitled, be given to
      whichever of such persons is named first in the share register, and notice
      so given shall be sufficient notice to all the holders of such
      shares.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              93
            
            
              Any
      notice, if served by post, shall be deemed to have been served within ten
      days of posting, and in proving such service it shall be sufficient to
      prove that the letter containing the notice was properly addressed and
      mailed with the postage prepaid.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              PENSION
      AND SUPERANNUATION FUND
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              94
            
            
              The
      directors may establish and maintain or procure the establishment and
      maintenance of any non-contributory or contributory pension or
      superannuation funds for the benefit of, and give or procure the giving of
      donations, gratuities, pensions, allowances or emoluments to any persons
      who are or were at any time in the employment or service of the Company or
      any company which is a subsidiary of the Company or is allied to or
      associated with the Company or with any such subsidiary, or who are or
      were at any time directors or officers of the Company or of any such other
      company as aforesaid or who hold or held any salaried employment or office
      in the Company or such other company, or any persons in whose welfare the
      Company or any such other company as aforesaid is, or has been at any
      time, interested, and to the wives, widows, families and dependents of any
      such persons, and make payments for or towards the insurance of such
      persons as aforesaid, and may do any of the matters aforesaid either alone
      or in conjunction with any such other company as aforesaid.  A
      director holding any such employment or office shall be entitled to
      participate in and retain for his own benefit any such donation, gratuity,
      pension, allowance or emolument.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              WINDING
      UP
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              95
            
            
              The
      Company may be voluntarily liquidated under Part XII of the Act if it has
      no liabilities and it is able to pay its debts as they become
      due.  If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator may, in
      accordance with a resolution of members, divide amongst the members in
      specie or in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company
      (whether they shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may
      for such purpose set such value as he deems fair upon any such property to
      be divided as aforesaid and may determine how such division shall be
      carried out as between the members or different classes of
      members.  The liquidator may vest the whole or any part of such
      assets in trustees upon such trust for the benefit of the contributors as
      the liquidator shall think fit, but so that no member shall be compelled
      to accept any shares or other securities whereon there is any
      liability.
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    21
     
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              AMENDMENT
      TO ARTICLES
            
          
      
    
     
    
      
          
            
              96
            
            
              The
      Company may alter or modify the conditions contained in these Articles as
      originally drafted or as amended from time to time by a resolution of the
      members (or by resolution of the directors only where such amendment is
      required to provide for the rights conferred by Preferred Shares on their
      holders pursuant to Clause 7(d) of the
  Memorandum).
            
          
      
    
     
    We,
Maples Finance BVI Limited of Kingston Chambers, P.O. Box 173, Road Town,
Tortola, British Virgin Islands in our capacity as registered agent for the
Company hereby apply to the Registrar for the incorporation of the Company this
14th day of May 2007
     
    
      Incorporator
    
     
    
      Sgd.
Sulin J. Smith
    
    
      Authorised
Signatory
    
    Maples
Finance BVI Limited