A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. Announces Results of Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders
     
    Shenyang, China, August 21,
2009 - A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR)
(“A-Power” or “the Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation
systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today
announced the approval of shareholder resolutions were adopted at its annual
general meeting held in Shenyang City, China today.
     
    A-Power
shareholders adopted the following resolutions proposed by the
Company:
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              -
            
            
              Approve
      the issuance of any common shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the
      Company’s senior convertible notes or the terms of the Company’s warrants,
      in accordance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the
      Company and Nasdaq listing rule
5635(d)
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              -
            
            
              Approve
      an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company
      to delete the requirement of shareholder approval for issuances of shares
      by the Company
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              -
            
            
              Approve
      an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company
      to increase the Company’s authorized share capital by 100,000,000 common
      shares
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              -
            
            
              Approve
      an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company
      to clarify shareholder meeting
procedures
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              -
            
            
              Approve
      an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company
      to delete the requirement for a classified board of
    directors
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              -
            
            
              Ratify
      the Audit Committee’s appointment of MSCM LLP as the independent
      registered public accountants of the Company for the fiscal year ending
      December 31, 2009
            
          
      
    
     
    For more
detailed information regarding these resolutions, please review the Notice of
2009 Annual General Meeting posted at the Website A-Power’s Form 20-F can be
accessed on the Investor Relations section of the Company’s Website at
http://investor.apowerenergy.com/events.cfm as well as on the SEC’s Website at
http://www.sec.gov.
     
    About
A-Power
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (“A-Power”), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    Safe Harbor
Statement  
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,”
“plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction and
development delays on our projects which could adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results; our limited operating history and recent
entrance into new markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business
and future prospects; the expected benefits of supply and partnership agreements
may not materialize to the extent expected or at all; we expect to rely
increasingly on our proprietary products and systems and on technology developed
by our licensors and partners, and if we or our licensors or partners become
involved in an intellectual property dispute, we may be forced to spend
considerable resources resolving such dispute; a decrease in the rate of growth
of China's industry and economy may lead to a decrease in our revenues because
industrial companies in China are our principal source of revenues, as well as
other relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required under applicable
law.
     
    Contact:
    
    Mr. John
S. Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Mr.
Valentine Ding / Mr. Dixon Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9412
    valentine.ding@us.grayling.com
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com