acl0309plnchangesex993.htm




    
     
    
    Exhibit
99.3
    
    
    
    
    
    
    THE
EXECUTIVE SALARY CONTINUATION PLAN
    FOR
    ALCON, INC. AS SUCCESSOR TO
    ALCON
UNIVERSAL, LTD.
    AND
    AFFILIATED
COMPANIES
    
    
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Effective
January 1, 2008
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    EXECUTIVE
SALARY CONTINUATION PLAN
    FOR
    ALCON, INC. AS SUCCESSOR TO
    ALCON
UNIVERSAL, LTD.
    AND
    AFFILIATED
COMPANIES
    
    
    AMENDED AND RESTATED
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    TABLE OF
CONTENTS
    
    ARTICLE I:  PLAN
DESCRIPTION 1
    
    ARTICLE
II:  DEFINITIONS 2
    
    ARTICLE III:  ESCP
BENEFITS 10
    
    ARTICLE
IV:  VESTING 16
    
    ARTICLE
V:  OWNERSHIP CHANGE BENEFITS 17
    
    ARTICLE
VI:  LIMITATIONS AND
FORFEITURES 19
    
    ARTICLE VII:  AUTHORITY TO
ADMINISTER 20
    
    ARTICLE
VIII:  MISCELLANEOUS 22
    
    SIGNATURE AND
ATTESTATION 31
    
    
    
    
      
        
          Effective January 1,
2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    THE
    EXECUTIVE
SALARY CONTINUATION PLAN
    FOR
    ALCON, INC. AS SUCCESSOR TO
    ALCON
UNIVERSAL, LTD.
    AND
    AFFILIATED
COMPANIES
    
    AMENDED AND RESTATED
    EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 1, 2008
    ORIGINALLY EFFECTIVE DECEMBER 31, 1998
    
    
    ARTICLE I:  PLAN
DESCRIPTION
    
    The
Executive Salary Continuation Plan (“ESCP”) is an unfunded retirement plan with
certain death and disability benefits. Participation is limited to key employees
(“ESCP Participants”) of Alcon, Inc. as successor
to Alcon Universal, Ltd. and its
operationally related affiliates who adopt the ESCP and agree to pay the amounts
necessary to fulfill its obligation for administrative expenses and benefits
under ESCP.
    
    
    END OF
ARTICLE I
    
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
II:  DEFINITIONS
    
    For
purposes of the ESCP, the following definitions shall apply unless the context
requires otherwise:
    
    2.01           “Affiliate” shall mean all entities that are in the same
controlled group as the Company under Code sections 414(b) and (c) using an at
least 80% ownership or control threshold for inclusion.
    
    2.02           “Alcon Affiliated
Company” means any legal entity directly or indirectly owned or
controlled by Nestlé S.A.  Alcon, Inc. shall be deemed controlled by
Nestlé S.A. and all entities directly or indirectly controlled by Alcon, Inc.
using a 80% control test under Code section 414(b) or (c) should be considered
part of the same service recipient under Code section
409A.  Notwithstanding the above, Nestlé S.A. shall be in control of
the Alcon entities using a 75% control threshold for purposes of identifying
Alcon Affiliates, but shall not be deemed to be an Affiliate or part of the
controlled group of Alcon, Inc. for purposes of section 409A of the
Code.
    
    2.03           “Applicable Penalty
Percentage” means the percentage by which an ESCP Participant’s Normal
Retirement Benefit will be reduced based upon the ESCP Participant’s age on the
date of Separation from Service as determined pursuant to subparagraph
3.01(b)(ii).
    
    2.04           “Arrangement” shall mean the individual agreement between the
Company and the Participant under the Plan.
    
    2.05           “Averaged Annual Base
Salary” means one-third (1/3) of the ESCP Participant’s aggregate annual
base salary in effect the year of such ESCP Participant’s Separation from Service and for the two (2) years preceding such
ESCP Participant’s Separation from Service.
    
    2.06           “ESCP Committee” means
the officers of Alcon, Inc. as successor to
Alcon Universal Ltd. who have
been delegated authority by the Board of Directors of Alcon, Inc. as successor to Alcon Universal Ltd. to
administer this ESCP.
    
    2.07           “Beneficiary” means
the person to whom the Normal Retirement Benefit or Reduced Normal Retirement
Benefit is payable upon the ESCP Participant’s or Surviving Spouse’s death when
the guaranteed minimum payment period pursuant to subparagraph 3.01(c) has not
expired. An ESCP Participant or a Surviving Spouse may designate a Beneficiary
(or Beneficiaries) by properly completing a form provided to the ESCP
Participant or Surviving Spouse by the Director, Compensation and Benefits of
Alcon Laboratories, Inc. and by delivering said completed form to said Director.
Married ESCP Participants cannot designate a Beneficiary other than their
spouse.
    
    2.08           “Company” means Alcon, Inc. and any successor
thereto.
    
    2.09           “Disability” shall mean the ESCP Participant shall be deemed to
have become Disabled for purposes of this Plan, if the ESCP Participant is
unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in
death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months; or if the ESCP Participant is, by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in
death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than
three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the
ESCP Participant’s employer; or a ESCP Participant will be deemed disabled if
the ESCP Participant is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security
Administration or Railroad Retirement Board.  A ESCP Participant may
be determined to be disabled by a disability insurance program, provided the
definition of disability used by such disability insurance program complies with
Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(4).  This definition shall exclude:

    
    (a)           any
condition incurred as a result of or incidental to a criminal act perpetrated by
the ESCP Participant; and
    
    (b)           any
condition resulting from excessive use of drugs or narcotics or from willful,
self-inflicted injury;
    
    provided,
however, that a condition shall constitute a Disability only if the ESCP
Participant incurs such condition prior to the termination of his/her employment
with all Alcon Affiliated Companies.
    
    2.10           “Domestic Relations
Order” shall mean any judgment, decree, or
order (including approval of a property settlement agreement) which (i) relates
to the provision of child support, alimony payments, or marital property rights
to a spouse, former spouse, child or other dependent of a Participant, and (2)
is made pursuant to a State domestic relations law (including a community
property law).
    
    2.11           “Early Retirement Age”
means age fifty-five (55).
    
    2.12           “Eligible Employee”
means an individual employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company who is determined by
the ESCP Committee to be a key Employee
based upon grade level, job duties, and/or job performance and who is not a participant in the Alcon
Pharmaceuticals Ltd. International Umbrella Plan or any other retirement plan
sponsored by an Alcon Affiliated Company determined by the ESCP Committee to be
similar to or the equivalent of the ESCP.
    
    2.13           “ESCP Benefit(s)”
means the Normal Retirement Benefit or Reduced Normal Retirement due an ESCP
Participant, Surviving Spouse, Beneficiary or estate as a result of termination
of employment of an ESCP Participant with a Vested Percentage, an ESCP
Participant’s Disability while employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company or an
ESCP Participant’s death.
    
    2.14           “ESCP Participant”
means an Eligible Employee who has been designated as an ESCP Participant in
ESCP by the ESCP Committee in its sole and absolute discretion.
    
    2.15           “Normal Retirement Age”
means age sixty-two (62).
    
    2.16           “Normal Retirement
Benefit” means an amount equal to the Vested Percentage times the ESCP
Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary.
    
    2.17           “NQDC Plan” shall mean any agreement, method or arrangement,
including one of the above that applies to one person or
individual.  An agreement, method or arrangement may be a plan for
this purpose even if it is not an employee benefit plan under section 3(3) of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  A
NQDC Plan includes all arrangements that are recognized in the final regulations
issued under Code section 409A as a separate category or type of plan that must
be aggregated as a separate type of NQDC Plan under Treasury Regulation §
1.409-1(c) and any successor thereto.
    
    2.18           “Pre-1994 ESCP
Participant” means an ESCP Participant who was designated as a ESCP
Participant in any previous version of ESCP maintained by an Alcon Affiliated
Company prior to January 1, 1994.
    
    2.19           “Post-1993 ESCP
Participant” means an ESCP Participant who was designated as a ESCP
Participant in any previous version of ESCP maintained by an Alcon Affiliated
Company after December 31, 1993.
    
    2.20           “Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit”
means the Normal Retirement Benefit reduced by the Applicable Penalty Percentage
as determined pursuant to subparagraph 3.01(b).
    
    2.21           “Separation from
Service” shall mean
for:
    
    (a) a ESCP Participant acting as an independent contractor
with respect to the Company the date upon which the ESCP Participant’s contract
under which the ESCP Participant provides services to the Company expires (or if
there is more than one contract, the date when all of ESCP Participant’s
contracts with the Company expire) provided such expiration of the Contract(s)
is a good fact and complete termination of the contractual
relationship.  An expiration is not a good faith Separation from
Service if the Company anticipates renewal of the relationship or contract or
the independent contractor becomes an employee.  Renewal is
anticipated if, neither the Company, nor the ESCP Participant, has eliminated
the ESCP Participant as a potential service provider of the
Company.  The ESCP Participant will be considered to be intended to
contract with the Company again if the Company’s contracting is conditioned only
on incurring a need for the services or the availability of funds or
both.  Furthermore, a ESCP Participant who was an independent
contractor with respect to the Company shall not be deemed to have Separated
from Service until the later of the date that is twelve (12) months and one (1)
day after the date the ESCP Participant’s last contract with the Company expired
and provided that no amount will be payable to the ESCP Participant if during
such period the ESCP Participant provided services to the Company as an
independent contractor or an employee.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(h)(2).
    (b) a ESCP Participant who is an employee of the Company
shall be Separated from Service with the Company if the Participant dies,
retires or otherwise terminates employment with the
Company.  Notwithstanding the above, a ESCP Participant is considered
to be continuing to be an employee while the Participant is on military leave,
sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence if the duration of such leave
does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, the duration of the leave
continues as long as the individual’s rights to reemployment with the Company is
provided either by statute or contract.  A leave of absence is bona
fide only if there is a reasonable expectation that the employee will return to
perform services for the Company.  If the leave exceeds six (6) months
and the ESCP Participant does not retain reemployment rights under a contract or
a statute, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first date
after such six (6) month period.  Notwithstanding the above, where a
leave of absence is due to a medically determinable physical or mental
impairment that can be expected to result in death or last for a continuous
period of not less than six (6) months, and causes the ESCP Participant to be
unable to perform the duties of his position or a substantially similar
position, the leave duration may be expanded to twenty-nine (29) months instead
of six (6) months.  The termination of a ESCP Participant’s employment
is determined by the Company based upon the facts and
circumstances.  
    If a Participant continues to be employed (whether as an
employee or independent contractor), but the Company and the Participant
reasonably anticipated (1) the Participant would not provide further services
after a certain date, or (2) that the level of bona fide service provided to the
Company or any Affiliate would permanently decrease to below 50% of the average
level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36 months
(whether as an employee or independent contractor) (or over the full period if
the employee had not completed 36 months of service), the Participant will be
treated as Separated from Service.  For this purpose, services will be
at an annual rate that is less than 50 percent of the
services rendered on the average (whether as an employee or independent
contractor), during the immediately preceding 36 months of employment of the
average annual remuneration earned by the ESCP Participant during the most
recent 36 months of employment (or, if employed for a lesser period, such lesser
period).  
    If the ESCP Participant was an employee and continues to
provide services after termination of employment as an independent contractor, a
Separation from Service will not be deemed to occur if the ESCP Participant
provides services at an annual rate that is 50 percent or more of the services
rendered on the average during the immediately preceding 36 months of employment
(or, if employed for a lesser period, over such lesser period) and the annual
compensation for such services is 50 percent or more of the annual compensation
earned during the most recent 36 months of employment (or, if employed for a
lesser period, such lesser period).  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(h)(1).  For purposes of determining whether the ESCP
Participant has Separated from Service with the Company, all services provided
by the ESCP Participant to the Company or any entity which would qualify as an
Affiliate, if ownership or control was tested substituting “at least 50%” in
every place in which “at least 80%” is used, shall be counted to determine if
the Participant has Separated from Service with the Company.
    2.22           “Similar
Arrangements” shall mean such other
arrangements providing nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code
section 409A which, in the event of a violation of such section’s requirements,
would be aggregated as a single type of plan as defined in Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(c).
    
    2.23           “Specified
Employee” shall mean one of the persons
determined to be a specified employee for the period during which the relevant
Separation from Service occurs in accordance with the Policy Regarding
Determination of Specified Employees for Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
Plans of Alcon Holdings, Inc.
    
    2.24           “Surviving Spouse”
shall mean –
    
    (a)           in
the case of an ESCP Participant who dies while employed by an Alcon Affiliated
Company and prior to commencement of an ESCP Benefit, an individual who was the
spouse of such ESCP Participant at the time of his/her death;
    
    (b)           in
the case of an ESCP Participant who is no longer employed by an Alcon Affiliated
Company but has a vested ESCP Benefit that has not yet commenced, an individual
who was the spouse of such ESCP Participant both at the time of such ESCP
Participant’s Separation from Service with the Alcon
Affiliated Company and at the time of death; or
    
    (c)           in
the case of an ESCP Participant whose ESCP Benefit has commenced or who is
receiving Disability benefits, an individual who was the spouse of the ESCP
Participant both at the time such ESCP Participant’s ESCP Benefit or Disability
benefit commenced, and at the time of the ESCP Participant’s death.
    
    2.25           “Vested Percentage”
means the percentage of an ESCP Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary that
is vested pursuant to Article IV. The Vested Percentage shall never exceed sixty
percent (60%).
    
    2.26           “Year of Service”
means the following:
    
    (a)           the
calendar year of entry into ESCP,
    
    (b)           each
calendar year of participation in ESCP subsequent to such calendar year of
entry, including any periods of Disability,
    
    (c)           Years
of Service recognized under prior ESCP Plans,
    
    (d)           the
calendar year of termination, retirement, or death (collectively, the “events”)
if the first of the events occurs on or after July 1 of such calendar year; if
the first of the events occurs on or before June 30 of such calendar year, then
the year shall not constitute a “Year of Service,” and
    
    (e)           one
(1) year for every five (5) Years of Service with any Alcon Affiliated Company
and/or any entity (incorporated or unincorporated) acquired by an Alcon
Affiliated Company. Years of Service shall be counted from the first day of
employment to the day before the first date of participation in ESCP or any
predecessor plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ESCP Participants who have at
least five (5) full years of employment with an Alcon Affiliated Company before
the first date of participation in ESCP or any predecessor plan, shall have
years of service counted from the first day of such employment through the first
year of participation in ESCP.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE II
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE III:  ESCP
BENEFITS
    
    3.01           Benefits.
    
    (a)           Normal Retirement
Benefit. ESCP provides a Normal Retirement Benefit to each ESCP
Participant who Separates from Service at or after attaining Normal Retirement
Age provided such ESCP Participant has a Vested Percentage. The Normal
Retirement Benefit Amount is determined by multiplying the ESCP Participant’s
Averaged Annual Base Salary times the ESCP Participant’s Vested
Percentage.
    
    (b)           Reduced Normal Retirement
Benefit. ESCP provides a Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit to each ESCP
Participant who Separates from Service or dies with a Vested Percentage prior to
having attained Normal Retirement Age. The Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit is
not payable to an ESCP Participant prior to the date of attaining Early
Retirement Age.
    
    (i)           Calculation of Reduced
Normal Retirement Benefit. The Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit is
calculated by reducing the ESCP Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary by the
Applicable Penalty Percentage set forth below in subparagraph 3.01(b)(ii), then
multiplying such reduced Averaged Annual Base Salary by the ESCP Participant’s
Vested Percentage.
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    (ii)           Applicable Penalty
Percentage. The Applicable Penalty Percentage is as follows:
    
      
          
            
               
              AGE
      AT SEPARATION FROM SERVICE
            
            
              APPLICABLE
      PENALTY
              Pre-1994
      ESCP Participants
            
            
              APPLICABLE
      PENALTY
              1993
      ESCP Participants
            
          
          
            
              61
            
            
              2%
            
            
              4%
            
          
          
            
              60
            
            
              5%
            
            
              8%
            
          
          
            
              59
            
            
              8%
            
            
              12%
            
          
          
            
              58
            
            
              12%
            
            
              16%
            
          
          
            
              57
            
            
              16%
            
            
              20%
            
          
          
            
              56
            
            
              20%
            
            
              25%
            
          
          
            
              55
      or less
            
            
              25%
            
            
              30%
            
          
      
    
    
    (c)           Death
Benefits.
    (i)           Guaranteed Minimum Benefit
Period for Pre-1994 ESCP Participants. ESCP provides a minimum guaranteed
ESCP Benefit payment period for Pre-1994 ESCP Participants equal to the greater
of
    
    (aa)           one
hundred forty-four (144) months; or
    
    (bb)           two
hundred forty (240) months less the number of whole months by which the Pre-1994
ESCP Participant’s age exceeds fifty- five (55) years at the Separation from
Service or death.
    
    (ii)           Guaranteed Minimum Benefit
Period for Post-1993 ESCP Participants. ESCP provides a minimum
guaranteed ESCP Benefit payment period for Post-1993 ESCP Participants of two
hundred forty (240) months less the number of whole months by which the
Post-1993 ESCP Participant’s age exceeds fifty-five (55) years at the date of
Separation from Service or
death.
    
    In the
event an ESCP Participant dies prior to receiving ESCP Benefits for the entire
guaranteed minimum benefit period, the ESCP Participant’s Surviving Spouse shall
receive a semi-monthly benefit equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the ESCP
Participant’s ESCP Benefit until such time as the total combined months of
benefit payments to the ESCP Participant and the Surviving Spouse equal the ESCP
Participant’s guaranteed minimum benefit payment period. If the Surviving Spouse
dies before expiration of the guaranteed minimum benefit period, one hundred
percent (100%) of the ESCP Participant’s semi-monthly ESCP Benefit amount shall
be paid to the Surviving Spouse’s Beneficiary or estate until such time as the
total combined months of benefit payments made to the ESCP Participant, ESCP
Participant’s Surviving Spouse and Surviving Spouse’s Beneficiary, or estate
equal the guaranteed minimum benefit period. At the time of the ESCP
Participant’s death, if there is no Surviving Spouse, ESCP Benefits shall be
paid to the ESCP Participant’s Beneficiary or estate until such time as the
total combined months benefit payments have been made to the ESCP Participant or
ESCP Participant’s Beneficiary or estate, as the case may be, equal the
guaranteed minimum benefit period.
    
    (iii)           Surviving Spouse’s
Benefit. After the guaranteed minimum benefit period expires, the
Surviving Spouse of an ESCP Participant with a vested ESCP Benefit shall receive
a semi-monthly benefit equal to fifty percent (50%) of the ESCP Participant’s
semi-monthly ESCP Benefit payment until the Surviving Spouse’s death. Payments
under this subparagraph shall begin after all payments have been made pursuant
to subparagraph 3.01(c)(i) or (ii).
    
    (d)           Disability
Benefits.
    
    (i)           ESCP Participant Approved
for Long Term Disability. If an ESCP Participant suffers a Disability and
is approved for Long-Term Disability (“LTD”) coverage by the LTD insurance
carrier of any Alcon Affiliated Company (or LTD is approved by another LTD
carrier which is concurred in by the ESCP Committee), ESCP Benefits shall begin
when (aa) the ESCP Participant attains Normal Retirement Age, or (bb) the first day of the month following the date on which
LTD benefits cease. An ESCP Participant still receiving LTD benefits at
Separation from Service at or after Normal
Retirement Age shall have his ESCP Benefits
reduced by the LTD benefits paid for the same month on a dollar for dollar
basis.  ESCP
Benefits paid before Separation from Service at or
after Normal Retirement Age shall be subject to the Applicable Penalty
Percentage described in subparagraph 3.01(b)(ii).
    
    (ii)           ESCP Participant No Longer
Disabled. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, if
the ESCP Participant, subsequent to approval for LTD coverage, is medically
certified as no longer disabled and chooses not to resume employment with an
Alcon Affiliated Company, the provisions of paragraphs 2.18 and 4.02 in their
entirety shall cease to apply to the ESCP Participant.
    
    3.02           Cost of Living
Adjustment. All ESCP Benefit payments shall be increased by a Cost of
Living Adjustment as follows:
    
    (a)           Each
January 1, the ESCP Benefit shall be increased by an annual percentage
adjustment equal to the greater of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) or (ii)
any cost-of-living adjustment taking effect on or immediately prior to such
January 1 under Section 215(i) of the United States Social Security Act
(relating to a cost-of-living increase) for benefits under Title II of such Act
(relating to Federal old-age, survivors, and disability insurance benefits). The
percentage adjustment shall be compounded annually. Any applicable percentage
adjustment shall commence not earlier than the January payment immediately
following the commencement of ESCP Benefits.
    
    (b)           Notwithstanding
the provisions of the foregoing subparagraph 3.02(a), in the event that other
than an annual percentage becomes applicable for purposes of Section 215(i) of
the Social Security Act or the cost-of-living adjustment becomes effective on a
date other than January 1, the annual percentage adjustment for ESCP Benefit
payment purposes shall be redetermined and applied as of the date the adjustment
becomes effective for benefits under Title II of the Social Security Act. If
more than one rate is applicable for a calendar year, the rates should be
combined or averaged, as the case may be, so that compounding occurs not more
than annually. However, the annual percentage adjustment may never be less than
one and one-half percent (1.5%).
    
    3.03           Payment of Benefit.
ESCP Benefits shall be paid to the ESCP Participant who is not a Specified Employee each year in
equal semi-monthly installments until and including the month in which such ESCP
Participant shall die. Such installments shall commence not later than the first
day of the second month after such ESCP Participant’s Separation from Service.  
    
    Payments
to the Surviving Spouse, Beneficiary(ies), or estate shall begin as soon as
administratively practicable. The first payment to the Surviving Spouse,
Beneficiary(ies), or estate shall include all previous amounts due beginning as
of the first day of the month immediately following ESCP Participant’s
death.
    
    Notwithstanding the above, for any ESCP Participant who
is a Specified Employee for the year, no payment shall be made from this Plan
for six months after such ESCP Participant Separates from
Service.  The first payment made to such ESCP Participant who is a
Specified Employee shall be made on the second day following the expiration of
six months following such ESCP Participant’s Separation from Service and such
first payment shall equal six monthly payments of ESCP Benefits and thereafter
the payments shall be made as otherwise provided herein on a monthly
basis.
    
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
the ESCP Participant Separates from Service prior to attaining Early Retirement
Age, ESCP Benefit payments shall commence the first day of the second month
following ESCP Participant’s attainment of Early Retirement Age, provided such date is more than six months following
such ESCP Participant’s Separation from Service.  If such date is not
more than six months following the ESCP Participant’s Separation from Service
and the ESCP Participant is a Specified Employee, then the immediately preceding
paragraph shall govern payment. 
    
    END OF
ARTICLE III
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
IV:  VESTING
    
    4.01           Vested Percentage. An
ESCP Participant is entitled to a vested (nonforfeitable) percentage of Averaged
Annual Base Salary pursuant to the following schedule:
    
      
          
            
              YEARS
      OF
              SERVICE
            
            
              VESTED
              PERCENTAGE
            
          
          
            
              Less
      than 10
            
            
              0%
            
          
          
            
              10
            
            
              30%
            
          
          
            
              11
            
            
              33%
            
          
          
            
              12
            
            
              36%
            
          
          
            
              13
            
            
              39%
            
          
          
            
              14
            
            
              42%
            
          
          
            
              15
            
            
              45%
            
          
          
            
              16
            
            
              48%
            
          
          
            
              17
            
            
              51%
            
          
          
            
              18
            
            
              54%
            
          
          
            
              19
            
            
              57%
            
          
          
            
              20
            
            
              60%
            
          
      
    
    
    The
Vested Percentage shall never exceed sixty percent (60%).
    
    4.02           Years of Service and Minimum
Vested Percentage Due to ESCP Participant’s Death or Disability. For
purposes of determining the Vested Percentage of ESCP Participants who die or
become Disabled while employed by an Alcon
Affiliated Company, such ESCP Participant shall retain his/her accrued Years of
Service in ESCP, but shall be deemed to have not less than ten (10) Years of
Service.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE IV
    
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
V:  OWNERSHIP CHANGE BENEFITS
    
    5.01           Vesting on Change of
Ownership.
    
    (a)           Vested Percentage. An
ESCP Participant who is employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company on the date that
Nest1é S.A. ceases to hold direct or indirect Majority Ownership of the Alcon
Affiliated Company by which such ESCP Participant is employed shall retain
his/her accrued Years of Service in ESCP for the purposes of this paragraph
5.01, but shall be deemed to have a minimum Vested Percentage of thirty percent
(30%).
    
    (b)           “Majority Ownership”
as used in this paragraph 5.01 means more than fifty percent (50%) direct or
indirect ownership (i) of the outstanding shares of each class of stock of any
Alcon Affiliated Company and/or (ii) of the assets of any Alcon Affiliated
Company by Nestlé S.A. (Nestlé).
    
    (c)           Benefit. Should
Nestlé S.A. cease to hold Majority Ownership of the an Alcon Affiliated Company
by which an ESCP Participant is employed, such ESCP Participant shall be paid an
annual benefit equal to the Vested Percentage as determined under subparagraphs
5.01(a) or (b) of such ESCP Participant’s Averaged Annual Base Salary, for the
ESCP Participant’s lifetime, and a fifty percent (50%) ESCP Benefit shall be
paid to the affected ESCP Participant’s Surviving Spouse upon the ESCP
Participant’s death. Further, the benefit (i) shall be increased in the manner
described in paragraph 3.02 above, (ii) shall not be subject to the Applicable
Percentage Penalty reduction described in subparagraph 3.01(b) above, and (iii)
shall commence to be paid on the date that
is the first day of the second month following the cessation of Majority
Ownership. for all ESCP Participants who are not Specified
Employees, and for persons designated as Specified Employees for that year, such
person’s ESCP Benefit shall commence on the date that is the first day of the
seventh month following the cessation of the Majority Ownership and shall be
paid on such date as a payment on a Specified Date under section 409A of the
Code.  The
provisions of this Article V supersede all other provisions of the ESCP
regarding benefit calculation and payment; however, this Article V does not
affect ESCP Benefits of ESCP Participants, Surviving Spouses, Beneficiaries, or
estates being paid or pending ESCP Benefits of ESCP Participants who Separated from Service prior to Early Retirement Age at the time
Nest1é S.A. ceases to hold Majority Ownership of the Alcon Affiliated
Company.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE V
    
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
VI:  LIMITATIONS AND FORFEITURES
    
    6.01           Limitations and Forfeiture
of Right to Benefits.
    
    (a)           If
a non-vested ESCP Participant is Separated from Service voluntarily or
involuntarily, such ESCP Participant forfeits all rights to the benefits
provided by ESCP.
    
    (b)           If
a vested ESCP Participant’s employment is terminated voluntarily or
involuntarily by retirement or otherwise, such ESCP Participant must agree not
to compete in the same or substantially similar businesses as those in which
Alcon and its Alcon Affiliated Companies are engaged at the time of termination
of employment for a period of five (5) years or the ESCP Participant will
forfeit all ESCP Benefits. The determination of whether a terminated ESCP
Participant’s post-termination activities are competitive within the meaning of
this Article VI shall be made by the ESCP Committee.
    
    (c)           If
an ESCP Participant who has a Vested Percentage is terminated voluntarily or
involuntarily from employment with any Alcon Affiliated Company for reason of
activity or conduct which results in felony conviction under the law of any
jurisdiction, such ESCP Participant shall forfeit all right to benefits under
the ESCP at the discretion of the ESCP Committee.
    
    (d)           If an ESCP Participant has chosen to participate in the
Alcon Pharmaceuticals Ltd. International Umbrella Plan or any other retirement
plan sponsored by an Alcon Affiliated Company determined by the ESCP Committee
to be similar to or the equivalent of ESCP, such ESCP Participant forfeits all
rights to the benefits provided by ESCP.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE VI
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
VII:  AUTHORITY TO ADMINISTER
    
    7.01           The
Board of Directors of Alcon, Inc. as successor to
Alcon Universal, Ltd. shall
have the right, at any time, to amend or terminate the ESCP, except that it may
not terminate a vested benefit hereunder except as provided in Article
VI.
    
    7.02           Neither
the ESCP Committee nor any members of the Board of Directors of any Alcon
Affiliated Company shall be liable to any person for any action taken or omitted
in connection with the administration or interpretation of the
ESCP.
    
    7.03           Subject
to the limitations herein set forth, the ESCP Committee shall establish from
time to time the rules or regulations for the administration of the ESCP and the
transaction of its business, provided that no such rule or regulation shall be
contrary to the specific provisions of the ESCP. The ESCP Committee has full
discretion to interpret the ESCP to determine whether a claimant is eligible for
benefits; to decide the amount, form, and timing of benefits; and to resolve any
other matter under the ESCP which is raised by a claimant or identified by the
ESCP Committee. All questions arising from or in connection with the provisions
of the ESCP and its administration shall be determined by the ESCP Committee,
and any determination so made shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons
affected thereby.
    
    (a)           Claims
under the ESCP by an ESCP Participant or anyone claiming through an ESCP
Participant shall be presented to the ESCP Committee, which shall either arrange
for payment of the claim or otherwise dispose of it. Adequate notice shall be
provided in writing to any person whose claim has been denied, setting forth the
specific reasons for such denial.
    
    (b)           Any
person whose claim for benefits has been denied may, within sixty (60) days
after receipt of notice of denial, submit a written request for review of the
decision denying the claim. In such case, the ESCP Committee shall make a full
and fair review of such decision within sixty (60) days after receipt of a
request for review and notify the claimant in writing of the review decision,
specifying the reasons for such decision.
    
    7.04           Communications
to the ESCP Committee shall be addressed to the Chairman of the ESCP Committee, Bösch 69,
P.O.
Box
62, CH-6331,
Hűnenberg, Switzerland. The Secretary of the
ESCP Committee is hereby designated as agent for service of legal process
with respect to any claims arising under the ESCP.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE VII
    
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
VIII:  MISCELLANEOUS
    
    8.01           The
ESCP Participant’s ESCP Benefit granted hereunder or any interest therein are
not transferable or assignable and shall not be subject to alienation,
encumbrance, garnishment, attachment, execution, or levy of any kind, voluntary
or involuntary, except when, where, and if compelled by any applicable
law.
    
    8.02           As
used in this ESCP, reference to any gender shall include the masculine and
feminine genders, and the number of all words shall include the singular or
plural, as appropriate.
    
    8.03           The
amount payable to an ESCP Participant hereunder at any time is an unsecured and
unfunded obligation of Alcon and/or any Alcon Affiliated Company.
    
    8.04           The
obligations of Alcon and/or any Alcon Affiliated Company under the ESCP shall be
binding upon its successors and assigns.
    
    8.05           In
the event that any provision of the ESCP is determined by any judicial,
quasi-judicial, or administrative body to be invalid or unenforceable for any
reason, all other provisions of the ESCP shall remain in full force and effect
as if such provision had never been a part of the ESCP.
    
    8.06           Nothing
herein shall be construed as an offer or commitment by Alcon and/or any Alcon
Affiliated Company to continue any ESCP Participant’s employment for any period
of time.
    
    8.07           Amounts
paid to an ESCP Participant or his/her designated Beneficiary under the ESCP
shall be net of any taxes or other amounts required to be withheld by the payor
under any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
    
    8.08           This
writing constitutes the final and complete embodiment of the terms of the ESCP,
and all prior or earlier dated documents and communications, oral or written,
concerning ESCP are hereby renounced, revoked, and superseded.
    
    8.09           Permitted
Deferrals.
    
    (a)           Amounts to be paid as described in Section 3.03 may be
deferred beyond their established payment date where the Company reasonably
anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal securities laws
or other applicable laws; provided that the Company makes the payment at the
earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that making such
payment will not cause such violation.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii).
    
    (b)           Amounts to be paid as described in Section 3.03 may be
deferred beyond their established payment date where the Company reasonably
anticipates that the Company’s federal income tax deduction with respect to such
payment otherwise would be limited or eliminated by application of section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), provided
the payment will be paid either during the Participant’s first taxable year in
which the Company reasonably anticipates, or should reasonably anticipate that
if the payment is made in that year, the deduction of such payment will not be
barred by application of Code section 162(m), or during the period beginning
with the date the participant separates from service and ending on the later of
the last day of the taxable year of the participant in which the Participant
Separated from Service on the 15th day of the third month following the Participant’s
Separation from Service, and provided further that if there was any scheduled
payment to the participant in a participant’s taxable year is delayed due to
deductibility under Code section 162(m), the delay in payment will constitute a
subsequent deferral unless all scheduled payments to such Participant that could
be delayed under this section are also delayed.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-2(b)(7)(i).
    
    (c)           The payment may be delayed if the making of the payment
of the date specified under the Plan would jeopardize the ability of the service
recipient to continue as a going concern and the payment will be treated as made
on the date specified provided it is made during the first taxable year of the
service provider in which making the payment would not have such
effect.  Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(d).
    
    8.10           Accelerations of
Benefits.  No benefit payment
time or schedule under this Plan shall be accelerated.  No service
provider shall have a direct or indirect election or any discretion regarding
whether the service recipient exercises its discretion to accelerate a
payment.  The following are the only permitted payment
accelerations:
    
    (a)           Domestic Relations
Orders.  The time or schedule of payments under this Plan may be
accelerated for a payment to an individual other than the Participant to the
extent necessary to fulfill a domestic relations order.  Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii).
    
    (b)           Limited Cashouts.  A Participant’s benefit automatically shall
be paid in a lump sum (1) the Participant’s entire interest under this Plan and
under all Similar Arrangements that would constitute a nonqualified deferred
compensation plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2) are paid, (2) the
payment is not greater than the dollar limit on elective deferrals in Code
section 402(g)(1)(B), (3) the Participant is provided no election with respect
to receipt of the lump sum payment, and (4) the service recipient documents in
writing its exercise of discretion with respect to this payment on or before the
date such payment is made.  Such payment shall comply with Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(v).
    
    (c)           Employment Tax
Payment.  The time or schedule of
payments may be accelerated to the extent necessary to pay the Federal Insurance
Contributions Act (FICA) tax imposed under Code sections 3101, 3121(a) and
3121(v)(2), where applicable, on compensation deferred under this Plan or the
Railroad Retirement Act tax under Code section 3201 (the “FICA
Amount”).  The time or schedule of payments may be accelerated to pay
the federal income tax withholding at the source on wages imposed by Code
section 3401 or the corresponding withholding provisions of applicable state,
local or foreign tax laws as a result of the payment of the FICA Amount and to
pay the additional income tax on wages attributing to the pyramiding of Code
section 3401 wages and taxes related to the payment of the FICA
Amount.  However, the total payment under this Section 8.10(c) shall
not exceed the aggregate of the FICA Amount and the income tax withholding
related to such FICA Amount.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi).
    
    (d)           409A Failure Income
Inclusion.  The time or schedule
of payments may be accelerated to provide a payment to the Participant when the
Plan fails to comply with the requirements of Code section 409A and the guidance
thereunder; provided such payment shall be limited to the amount the Participant
is required to include in his/her income as a result of such failure to comply
with Code section 409A and the final regulations thereunder.  Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vii).
    
    (e)           Cancellation of
Deferrals. Following an Unforeseeable Emergency or Hardship
Distribution.  The Participant may cancel his/her deferral election
due to an unforeseen emergency or the Participant taking a hardship withdrawal
from the 401(k) plan in which he/she participates pursuant to Treasury
Regulation § l.401(k)-1(d)(3); provided the deferral election under this Plan is
cancelled and not postponed or otherwise delayed, and any later deferral
election shall be subject to the regulations governing initial deferral
elections under Code section 409A and Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-2(a).  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(viii).
    
    (f)           Conflicts of
Interest.  Payment time or
schedule may be accelerated under the Plan to the extent necessary for any
Federal officer or employee in the executive branch to comply with any ethics
agreement with the Federal government.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(iii)(A).
    
    The time or schedule of payments under the Plan for a
payment under the Plan may be accelerated and paid to the extent reasonably
necessary to avoid violation of an applicable Federal, state, local or foreign
ethics law or conflicts of interest law.  A payment is reasonably
necessary to avoid violation of such laws if it is necessary as part of a course
of action that results in compliance with such laws and such laws would be
violated under such course of action.
    
    (g)           Termination of
Plan.  This Arrangement and the
Plan of which it is part may be terminated with respect to this Participant if
either 1, 2, or 3 below is satisfied:
    
    (i)           The Company in its sole discretion and pursuant to the
terms of this Plan  decides to terminate this NQDC Plan within twelve
(12) months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code section 331, or with the
approval of the bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 503(b)(1)(A); provided
that the amounts deferred under the NQDC Plan for the Participants are included
in the Participants’ gross income by the latest of (or if earlier, the taxable
year in which the amount is actually or constructively
received):
    (a)           the calendar year in which the NQDC Plan termination and
liquidation occurred;
    (b)           the first calendar year in which the amount is no longer
subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; or
    (c)           the first calendar year in which the payment is
administratively practicable.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(viv)(A).
    (ii)           The Company may, in its sole discretion, pursuant to an
irrevocable action taken by the Company within the thirty (30) days preceding or
the twelve (12) months following a change in control (as such phrase is defined
in Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)) terminate and liquidate the NQDC Plan
provided this shall only apply to a payment under a plan if all agreements,
programs and other arrangements sponsored by the service recipient immediately
after the change in control event that are treated as deferred under a single
plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and liquidated
with respect to each participant that experienced the change in control event so
that under the terms of the termination and liquidation all such participants
are required to receive all amounts of deferred compensation under the
aggregated terminated agreements, programs and other arrangements within twelve
(12) months of the date the Company irrevocably took all necessary action to
terminate and liquidate such arrangements pursuant to Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B).  The Company who may take such actions to
terminate such NQDC Plans under this Section 8.10(g) must be the Company that is
primarily liable immediately after the change in control transaction for payment
of the deferred compensation under this Plan.
    (iii)           The Company may, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the
terms of this Arrangement and the Plan, terminate the Plan
provided:
    (a)           The termination and liquidation of the Plan is not
proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the service recipient or
Company;
    (b)           All Arrangements sponsored by the Company or its
Affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated Arrangement as a NQDC
Plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2), if the Participant participated
in and had deferrals under all Arrangements, are terminated and
liquidated;
    (c)           No payments in liquidation of the Plan, other than
payments payable under the terms of the Plan if the termination had not
occurred, are made within twelve (12) months of the date on which the Company
takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the
Plan;
    (d)           All payments are made within twenty-four (24) months of
the date the Company took all action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the
Plan; and
    (e)           The Company does not adopt a new Plan that would be
aggregated with any terminated Arrangement as a NQDC Plan under Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-1(c) if the Participant participated in both Plans at any
time within three (3) years immediately following the date the service recipient
took all actions necessary to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the Plan under
Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(C).
    (h)           Cancellation of Deferral
Elections Due to Disability.  The
Participant’s deferral election may be canceled provided the cancellation occurs
by the later of the end of the taxable year of the Participant or the
15th day of the third month following the date the
Participant suffered a disability.  Such disability for the purposes
of a deferral election cancellation shall be deemed to exist if the Participant
suffers a physical or mental impairment that results in the Participant being
unable to perform the duties of his or her position or any substantially similar
position where the impairment is expected to (1) last for a continuous period of
not less than six months, or (2) to result in death.  Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(xii).
    
    (i)           Certain Offsets.  The time or schedule of payments may be
accelerated under the NQDC Plan to satisfy the debt a Participant owes to the
Company, where such debt was incurred in the ordinary course of the service
relationship between the parties, the entire amount of the reduction in any of
the Participant’s taxable years does not exceed $5,000, and the reduction is
made at the same time and in the same amount as the debt otherwise would have
been due and collected from the Participant.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiii).
    
    (j)           Bona Fide Disputes as to a
Right to a Payment.  If the
Company and the Participant have an arm’s-length bona fide dispute as to the
Participant’s right to a deferred amount, the Plan may accelerate the time or
schedule of payments or the Plan may make a payment as part of the settlement of
such dispute.  However, there shall not be any discretion with respect
to accelerating any time or schedule of payment other than for purposes of
settling an arm’s-length dispute as to the Participant’s right to a
payment.  Only payments for which there is a substantial reduction (25
percent or more) in the amount payable shall be deemed to be eligible to be
treated as payments under this Section 8.10.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiv).
    
    (k)           Payment of State, Local or
Foreign Taxes.  The Plan may
accelerate the time and form of payment to reflect the Plan’s payment of state,
local or foreign taxes arising out of the Participant’s participation in the
Plan, to reflect such tax payments related to amounts deferred under the Plan
before such amounts are paid or made available to the
Participant.  Such accelerated payments may be made by payment of the
withholding taxes on behalf of the Participants in accordance with applicable
state, local or foreign laws, including federal income tax
withholdings.  However, the total payments accelerated under this
Section 8.10(k) must not exceed the sum of the state, local and foreign tax
amounts and the income tax withholding related to such
amounts.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xi).
    
    8.11           Application and Effective
Date.  The provisions of this
amended and restated plan shall apply to all amounts deferred before and after
December 31, 2004, and shall be effective as of January 1, 2008.  
    
    8.12           Ambiguity
Construction.  The Committee
shall construe any ambiguity hereunder in such a manner that the Program's
document and operations shall comply with Code section 409A and the final
regulations issued thereunder.  
    
    8.13           Prohibition on Accelerations
and Changes in Time and Form of Payment.  No payment of any amount due under this
Program shall be accelerated unless such acceleration is provide for in Treas.
Reg. section 1.409A-3(j).  No payment of any amount due hereunder
shall be delayed beyond the time specified for payment herein except to the
extent such delay is one of the delays for which the payment is treated as made
upon the date specified in the plan under Treas. Reg. section
1.409A-3(d),  if the payment is a disputed payment under Treas. Reg.
section 1.409A-3(g), or if the payment was delayed pursuant to Treas. Reg.
section 1.409A-2(b)(7).  This Program shall not permit any subsequent
changes in the time or form of payment or subsequent elections (as such phrase
is defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-2(b)) which would defer the payment of
amounts specified to be paid hereunder. 
    
    8.14           Good Faith
Compliance.  This amended and
restated Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2008.  This Plan was operated in good faith
compliance with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, Notice 2005-1, and
the Proposed Treasury Regulation sections 1.409A-1 through 3 and 6 for periods
from January 1, 2005 through December
31, 2007.  For periods from
January 1, 2008 through December
31, 2008, this Plan was operated in good
faith compliance with section 409A of the Code, Treasury Regulation sections
1.409A-1 through 3 and 6, and to the extent an issue was not addressed in such
authorities, in good faith compliance with Notice 2005-1.
    
    8.15           Election Filing.  All elections must be filed with the
Committee.  An election is deemed filed with the Committee on the
business date it is received by the Committee, the date it is postmarked by the
U.S. Postal Service as mailed to the Committee via first class U.S. mail,
priority mail or express mail and is properly addressed, or the date it is
received by an overnight courier service and is properly addressed.  Elections must be addressed to the
following to be properly addressed:  ESCP Committee, 6201 South
Freeway, Fort Worth, Texas 76134.
    
    
    END OF
ARTICLE VIII
    
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    SIGNATURE AND
ATTESTATION
    
    Effective
as of the 1st day
of January, 2008.
    
    ALCON, INC. as Successor to
    ALCON
UNIVERSAL LTD.
    
    
    
    By:/s/ Joanne
Beck
    Joanne Beck,
    General Manager (Direktor) Joint
Signatory
    
    
    By:/s/ Stefan
Basler
    Stefan Basler,
    Attorney-in-Fact (Prokurist) Joint
Signatory
    
    
    ATTEST:
    
    
    
    /s/ Elaine E.
Whitbeck
    Elaine E.
Whitbeck, Sr. Vice President,
    Chief
Legal Officer, General Counsel
    and
Corporate Secretary
    
    
    
      
        
          
          Effective
January 1, 2008