Exhibit A

IMPORTANT REMINDER –
 MERGER VOTEPLEASE VOTE YOUR PROXY TODAY
February 12, 2009
Dear Shareholder:
We have previously mailed you proxy materials
 in connection with the Special General Meeting of Shareholders of Aladdin Knowledge
 Systems Ltd., to be held on February 20, 2009. According to our latest records,
 we have not yet received your proxy for this important meeting. Your vote is
 important. Telephone and Internet voting are available for your convenience.
At the special meeting, shareholders are
 being asked, among other matters, to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt
 the merger agreement under which Aladdin would merge with Jasmine Merger Corp Ltd.,
 with Aladdin continuing as the surviving company. If the merger agreement is adopted
 and the merger is completed, Aladdin will become a private company and a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Magic Lamp Corp. Following the merger completion each of our ordinary
 outstanding shares will be entitled to US$11.50 in cash, plus an amount of cash,
 if any, equal to a pro rata portion of the amount by which our cash at the closing
 of the merger exceeds $12,000,000.
Consummation of the merger requires the
 adoption of the merger agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
 of the shares of Aladdin Knowledge Systems Ltd. present and voting at the meeting.
 Accordingly, please vote your proxy today without further delay.


THREE LEADING PROXY ADVISORY
 FIRMS RECOMMENDA VOTE “FOR” THE MERGER




          RiskMetrics Group – ISS
 Governance Services, Glass Lewis & Co and Egan-Jones Proxy Services, three
 of the leading, independent proxy advisory firms that advise institutional investors,
 have published recommendations that stockholders vote FOR our merger with Magic
 Lamp Corp. Glass Lewis concluded the analysis with the following statement “...we
 believe the proposal is in the interests of shareholders based on the thorough strategic
 review and sale process conducted by the independent committee and the significant
 equity premium offered to shareholders.”


The Aladdin Knowledge Systems Ltd. board
 of directors recommends that Aladdin shareholders vote “FOR” the adoption
 of the merger agreement.
If you have any questions or need assistance
 voting your proxy, please call D. F. King & Co., Inc., which is assisting us,
 toll-free at (800) 207-3158, or you can vote your shares using your 12 digit control
 number at www.proxyvote.com.
Thank you for voting and for your cooperation
 and continued support.
Jacob (Yanki) MargalitChairman of the
 Board of DirectorsAladdin Knowledge Systems Ltd.