Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard’s Fuel Cell Module Powers The First BC Transit Zero-Emission Fuel Cell Bus


For Immediate Release – October 5, 2009


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) congratulates BC Transit, the
Province of British Columbia, the Government of Canada, and its consortium partners on the
introduction of the first bus in BC Transit’s fleet of 20 hydrogen fuel cell buses. Representatives
from Ballard were on site as Premier Gordon Campbell unveiled “Bus 1” on Friday, October 3, 2009 in
Vancouver. BC Transit’s fleet will become the largest single deployment of zero-emission fuel cell
buses worldwide and it is powered by Ballard’s heavy-duty fuel cell module, the
FCvelocityTM-HD6.


“All of us at Ballard are proud of to be partners in helping BC lead the way in adopting new
technologies that support sustainable practices and reduce greenhouse gas emissions,” said John
Sheridan, Ballard’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “The BC Transit fuel cell bus fleet is
an important proof point for the level of robustness and durability offered by Ballard clean energy
products – not only in buses but also in material handling and stationary power.”


Fuel cell buses are zero-emission vehicles, with no greenhouse gases, particulates, or harmful
emissions released during operation. Water is the only byproduct. BC Transit’s fleet of fuel cell
buses is expected to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by around 1,800 tonnes per year in British
Columbia.


Ballard’s FCvelocityTM-HD6 is ideal for integration into bus applications. It is
designed to be a plug-and-play solution for any fuel cell or hybrid fuel cell bus platform and to
be robust and durable in harsh motive conditions. The BC Transit fleet is the first that
incorporates Ballard’s heavy-duty fuel cell module into a hybrid fuel cell / battery architecture
with an electric drive, which enables higher vehicle efficiency and improved fuel cell durability.


BC Transit’s fleet of fuel cell buses will operate in revenue service in the Resort Municipality of
Whistler, British Columbia during the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games and beyond.


About Ballard Power Systems


Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) is recognized as a world leader in the design,
development, manufacture and sale of clean energy fuel cell products. Ballard’s mission is to
accelerate fuel cell product adoption. To learn more about what Ballard is doing with Power to
Change the World®, visit www.ballard.com.


For further information, or to arrange an interview with a Ballard spokesperson, please contact
Media Relations at telephone number 604-453-3804 or on e-mail media@ballard.com.