6-K










Exhibit A  




Aladdin Knowledge Systems  
PRESS RELEASE  







     
     

     
     

     
     

     
     

     
     

     Press Contact: 
     Investor Relations Contact: 

     Matthew Zintel
     Debbie Kaye

     Zintel Public Relations
     Corporate Communications Manager

     matthew.zintel@zintelpr.com 
     debbie.kaye@aladdin.com 

     310.574.8888
     646.468.0481




FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE  


Aladdin
Knowledge Systems Comments on Media Reports about Jasmine Discussions  


TEL AVIV, ISRAEL, January
6, 2009 – Aladdin Knowledge Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: ALDN)
today released an update regarding the ongoing discussions with Jasmine Holdco LLC, an
affiliate of Vector Capital. 


In response to a January
6th article published in the Israeli Newspaper “The Marker”
and other media reports, Aladdin announced that it is continuing discussions with
Jasmine Holdco regarding a possible strategic transaction. There can be no assurance that
a definitive transaction between Aladdin and Jasmine can be negotiated or the timing or
terms of any such transaction. 


Aladdin and Jasmine have extended
the previously announced standstill agreement, which originally expired on
October 30, 2008, during the pendency of these negotiations. 


Aladdin intends to make a further
announcement upon the execution of any definitive agreement with Jasmine or the
termination of negotiations with Jasmine. 


About Aladdin Aladdin Knowledge Systems (NASDAQ:
ALDN) is an information security leader with offices in 15 countries, a worldwide network
of channel partners, and numerous awards for innovation. Aladdin eToken is the
world’s #1 USB-based authentication solution, offering identity and access management
tools that protect sensitive data. Aladdin SafeWord two-factor authentication technology
protects companies’ important information assets and applications. Aladdin HASP SRM
boosts growth for software developers and publishers through strong anti-piracy
protection, IP protection, and secure licensing and product activation. Aladdin eSafe
delivers real-time intelligent Web gateway security that helps protect data and networks,
improves productivity, and enables compliance. Visit www.Aladdin.com. 


©2009 Aladdin Knowledge
Systems, Ltd. All rights reserved. eToken, eSafe, Aladdin Knowledge Systems and the
Aladdin logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Aladdin Knowledge Systems, Ltd.
All other product and brand names mentioned in this document are trademarks or registered
trademarks of their respective owners.