A-Power
and Tieling Tiexin Cement Co. Ltd,
      Signs
Waste-Heat Power Generation Construction Contract
      
      Shenyang, China, December 3, 2009 --
A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (NASDAQ: APWR) ("A-Power" or “the
Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”) systems in
China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today announced it has
signed construction waste-heat power generation contract with Tieling Tiexin
Cement Co. Ltd.
      
      Tieling
Cement Waste-heat Power Generation will be located in Tieling City, Liaoning
province. A-Power has been working with Tiexin Cement since 2007. Currently
A-Power’s contracted projects include three main generators of power station:
the steam turbine, the boiler and power generator. A-Power is also responsible
for installation, adjustment of the precipitator, construction, procurement of
the equipment and construction material. Contract total approximates 110 million
RMB (16 million USD). A-Power will act as the general contractor; its
responsibilities include the construction, procurement, installation and
adjustment of equipments trial operation of the micro-grid DG. The construction
will commence in December 2009 and will be completed in May 2010.
      
      Mr.
Jinxiang Lu, CEO of A-Power Generation, commented, “A-Power has enjoyed
excellent working relationship with Tiexin Cement since 2007. Previously
completed cement waste-heat power generation projects for Tiexin Cement have
been fully operational and connected to the grid. Tiexin has been satisfied with
the quality of our work in the past.”
      
      About
A-Power
       
      A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
       
      Safe
Harbor Statement
       
      This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction,
manufacturing and development delays on our projects which could adversely
affect our financial condition and operating results; various memorandum of
understandings we signed with third parties may not evolve into definitive
contracts and thus, we may not derive revenues from such agreements; our limited
operating history and recent entrance into new jurisdictional markets may make
it difficult for you to evaluate our business and future prospects; we may not
be able to successfully develop our business in new jurisdictional markets,
which would have a negative impact on the results of our operations derived from
such new jurisdictional markets;  our customers may not be able to
obtain the financing required for these projects, and thus, we may not be able
to derive revenues from such agreements,  as well as other relevant
risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2008. The information set forth herein should be read in
light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the information contained
in this press release, except as required under applicable law.
       
      
        
           
        
        
           
          
            
          
        
        
           
        
      
       
      Contact:
       
      John S.
Lin
      Chief
Operating Officer
      A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
      john@apowerenergy.com
      
      Dixon
Chen
      Investor
Relations
      Grayling
      +1-646-284-9403
      dixon.chen@us.grayling.com