A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. Appoints
    Chief
Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer
    
    Shenyang, China, May 26,
2009 — A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR)
("A-Power" or “the Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation
(“DG”) systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today
announced the appointment of Mr. Kin Kwong “Peter” Mak to the position of Chief
Financial Officer, effective immediately. A-Power’s acting CFO, Mr. John Lin,
will now become the Company’s Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Mak brings to A-Power
more than 20 years of corporate finance, business development, mergers &
acquisitions, financial reporting and fund-raising experiences.
     
    Mr. Mak,
48, joins A-Power from New Dragon Asia Corp. (NYSE Amex: NWD) where he held the
CFO position from 2004 to 2008. Previously, he was the managing partner of
Arthur Andersen Southern China and also a partner of Arthur Andersen Worldwide.
During his tenure at Arthur Andersen, Mr. Mak contributed to several
high-profile Chinese IPOs, such as Brilliance China Automotive, and China
Strategic Holdings Limited.
     
    He
currently is a director at a number of publicly-traded Chinese companies,
including Trina Solar Ltd., China Security & Surveillance Technology, Inc.
(“China Security”), and China Grentech Corp. He is also the chair of the audit
committee at Trina Solar, China Security & Surveillance Technology, and
China Grentech.
    
    Mr. Mak
earned a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Hong Kong Polytechnic University
and is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in the
U.K., a Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales,
and a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants.
     
    “After an
exhaustive screening process of numerous capable CFO candidates, I am very
pleased to have a seasoned financial expert and capital-market veteran of Mr.
Mak’s caliber join A-Power’s senior management,” said Mr. Jinxiang Lu, A-Power’s
Chairman and CEO. “As our new CFO, Mr. Mak will supervise A-Power’s financial
management, reporting, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance and communications with
investors. His proven track record in global accounting firm, CFO experience in
Chinese company and senior roles on the audit committees of Trina Solar, China
Security and China Grentech, three US-listed Chinese companies, will help us
improve corporate governance and internal control. We are looking forward to
utilizing Mr. Mak’s strong, proven financial skill sets and his track record in
our goal of building A-Power into a leading clean tech company in
China.”
     
    “I am
very excited to join A-Power at this important time in its growth,” said Mr.
Mak. “The prospect of strengthening A-Power’s dominance in DG while at the same
time turning out China’s biggest wind turbines presents an awesome and rewarding
opportunity. I look forward to bringing my leadership and financial management
and communication capabilities to the team as we seek to take A-Power to the
next level.”
     
    About
A-Power
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com
..
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
        
          
        
      
      
         
      
    
     
    Safe
Harbor Statement
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction and
development delays on our projects which could adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results; our limited operating history and recent
entrance into new markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business
and future prospects; the expected benefits of supply and partnership agreements
may not materialize to the extent expected or at all; we expect to rely
increasingly on our proprietary products and systems and on technology developed
by our licensors and partners, and if we or our licensors or partners become
involved in an intellectual property dispute, we may be forced to spend
considerable resources resolving such dispute; a decrease in the rate of growth
of China's industry and economy may lead to a decrease in our revenues because
industrial companies in China are our principal source of revenues, as well as
other relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required under applicable
law.
     
    Contact:
     
    John S.
Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Valentine
Ding / Dixon Chen
    Investor
Relations
    Grayling
    +1-646-284-9412
    valentine.ding@us.grayling.com
    dixon.chen@us.grayling.com