ex991.htm




    
    Exhibit 99.1

    News release via Canada NewsWire, Calgary 403-269-7605

           Attention Business/Financial Editors:
           Advantage Announces Monthly Distribution

           (TSX: AVN.UN, NYSE: AAV)

           CALGARY, Jan. 20 /CNW/ - Advantage Energy Income Fund ("Advantage" or the
"Fund") announces that the cash distribution for the month of January will be
$0.08 per Unit.
           The distribution will be payable on February 17, 2009 to Unitholders of
record at the close of business on January 30, 2009. The ex-distribution date
is January 28, 2009. The cash distribution is based on approximately 143.2
million Units outstanding.
           The CDN$0.08 per Unit is equivalent to approximately US$0.06 per Unit if
converted using a Canadian/US dollar exchange rate of 1.25. The US dollar
equivalent distribution will be based upon the actual Canadian/US exchange
rate applied on the payment date and will be net of any Canadian withholding
taxes that may apply.

           Advisory

           The information in this press release contains certain forward-looking
statements. These statements relate to future events or our future
performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often, but not
always, identified by the use of words such as "seek", "anticipate", "plan",
"continue", "estimate", "expect", "may", "will", "project", "predict",
"potential", "targeting", "intend", "could", "might", "should", "believe",
"would" and similar expressions. These statements involve substantial known
and unknown risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond Advantage's
control, including: the impact of general economic conditions; industry
conditions; changes in laws and regulations including the adoption of new
environmental laws and regulations and changes in how they are interpreted and
enforced; fluctuations in commodity prices and foreign exchange and interest
rates; stock market volatility and market valuations; volatility in market
prices for oil and natural gas; liabilities inherent in oil and natural gas
operations; uncertainties associated with estimating oil and natural gas
reserves; competition for, among other things, capital, acquisitions, of
reserves, undeveloped lands and skilled personnel; incorrect assessments of
the value of acquisitions; changes in income tax laws or changes in tax laws
and incentive programs relating to the oil and gas industry and income trusts;
geological, technical, drilling and processing problems and other difficulties
in producing petroleum reserves; and obtaining required approvals of
regulatory authorities. Advantage's actual results, performance or achievement
could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such
forward-looking statements and, accordingly, no assurances can be given that
any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire
or occur or, if any of them do, what benefits that Advantage will derive from
them. Except as required by law, Advantage undertakes no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.

           %CIK: 0001259995

           /For further information: Investor Relations, Toll free: 1-866-393-0393;
Advantage Energy Income Fund, 700, 400 - 3rd Avenue SW, Calgary, Alberta, T2P
4H2, Phone: (403) 718-8000, Fax: (403) 718-8300, Web Site:
www.advantageincome.com, E-mail: advantage(at)advantageincome.com/
           (AVN.UN. AAV)

CO:  Advantage Energy Income Fund

CNW 15:12e 20-JAN-09