acl0309plnchangesex992.htm




    
    Exhibit
99.2
    
    
    
    
    ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE
    
    RETIREMENT
PLAN
    
    FOR
    
    ALCON
HOLDINGS INC.
    
    AND
    
    AFFILIATED
ENTITIES
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
    FOR
    ALCON
HOLDINGS INC.
    AND
    AFFILIATED
COMPANIES
    
    AMENDED AND RESTATED
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    
    TABLE OF
CONTENTS
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE
      I:  PLAN
DESCRIPTION1
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE II:
      DEFINITIONS2
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE III: ASERP
      BENEFITS12
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE IV: VESTED
      BENEFIT EVENTS AND BENEFIT ACCRUAL
      RULES27
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE V: CHANGE OF
      CONTROL BENEFITS28
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE VI:
      FORFEITURES AND COVENANTS APPLICABLE
      TO RECIPIENTS OF ASERP
BENEFITS32
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE VII: AUTHORITY TO
      ADMINISTER35
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE VIII: SOURCE
      OF BENEFITS38
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE IX:
      MISCELLANEOUS40
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              ARTICLE X:
      SIGNATURE AND
      ATTESTATION43
            
          
      
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    THE
    ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
    FOR
    ALCON
HOLDINGS INC.
    AND
    AFFILIATED
COMPANIES
    AMENDED AND RESTATED
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    
    ARTICLE
I:  PLAN
DESCRIPTION
    
    The Alcon
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (ASERP) is an unfunded retirement plan
with certain death and disability benefits. Participation is limited to a select
group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Title
I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ASERP
Participants”) of Alcon Holdings Inc. and its related affiliates who adopt the
ASERP and agree to pay the amounts necessary to fulfill their obligation for
administrative expenses and benefits under ASERP. Pursuant to paragraph 7.01 of the ASERP, the Board of
Directors of Alcon Holdings Inc. desires to amend and restate the ASERP,
effective as of January 1, 2008, in the form provided herein in order to comply with
the requirements of section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the “Code”).
    
    
    END OF
ARTICLE I
    
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE II:
DEFINITIONS
    
    For
purposes of the ASERP, the following definitions shall apply unless the context
requires otherwise:
    2.01           “Actuarial
Assumptions” means the interest rate, mortality assumptions or any other
statistically derived rate or index commonly used by the actuaries for Alcon
Holdings Inc. on a consistent basis in determining its accrued liabilities under
the ASERP for financial accounting purposes. It is intended that the Moody’s AA
Corporate Bond Rate will be the interest rate used for this purpose; however, if
GAAP reporting requirements mandate that another interest rate be used to
calculate the liabilities under the ASERP, use of such rate will be considered
for calculating benefits.
    
    2.02           “Affiliate” shall mean all entities that are in the same
controlled group as Alcon Holdings, Inc. under Code sections 414(b) and (c) and with
control measured using at least 80% control or ownership.
    
    2.03           “Alcon Affiliated
Company” means all entities that are in the
same controlled group as  Alcon Holdings, Inc. under Code sections
414(b) and (c).
    
    2.04           “Annual Benefit Accrual
Rate” means one point five percent (1.5%).
    
    2.05           “Applicable Penalty
Percentage” means the percentage by which an ASERP Participant’s Normal
Retirement Benefit will be reduced based upon the ASERP Participant’s age on the
date of Separation from Service as determined pursuant to subparagraph
3.01(b)(ii).
    
    2.06           “Arrangement” shall mean the individual agreement between the
Company and the Participant with respect to his/her deferred compensation under
this Plan.
    
    2.07           “ASERP Benefit(s)”
means the Normal Retirement Benefit or Reduced Normal Retirement due an ASERP
Participant or Surviving Spouse, as a result of Separation from Service of an ASERP Participant
with a Vested Benefit, or an Eligible Employee’s Disability or death while
employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company or upon a Change of
Control.
    
    2.08           “ASERP Committee”
means the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Alcon Holdings
Inc. or any other persons appointed by the Board of Directors of Alcon Holdings
Inc. who have been delegated authority to administer this ASERP.
    
    2.09           “ASERP Participant”
means an Eligible Employee who has been designated as an ASERP Participant by
the ASERP Committee in its sole and absolute discretion. An ASERP Participant
shall also mean (i) a retired or terminated employee who continues to be
entitled to retirement benefits under the ASERP after Separation from Service and (ii) an individual who was designated
as an Eligible Employee but who is no longer designated as such but who has
become entitled to a Vested Benefit.
    
    2.10           “Average Annual
Compensation” means one-third (1/3) of the ASERP Participant’s aggregate
annual base salary in effect the year of such ASERP Participant’s Separation from Service or Disability and for the two (2) years
preceding such ASERP Participant’s Separation from Service or Disability and the cash performance
bonus paid in each of said three (3) years for which the annual base salary is
being determined, if any. For a former Eligible Employee, who loses his
eligibility, but has a Vested Benefit at the time he/she is no longer an
Eligible Employee, Average Annual Compensation shall be one-third (1/3) of the
former Eligible Employee’s aggregate annual base salary applicable and cash
performance bonus paid, if any, for the last 3 years as an Eligible
Employee.
    
    2.11           “Benefit Percentage”
means the ASERP Participant’s accrued benefit (as a percentage of Average Annual
Compensation) determined by multiplying Years of Service times the Annual
Benefit Accrual Rate in accordance with the provisions of this Plan document
after the ASERP Participant has a Vested Benefit. The Benefit Percentage may
never exceed twenty (20) times the Annual Benefit Accrual Rate.
    
    2.12           “Designated
Beneficiary” shall mean the person
designated by the Participant to receive his/her benefit upon the Participant’s
death under this Agreement and the Plan on the form specified by the
Company.  In the event the Participant does not complete a beneficiary
designation form, it shall mean the Participant’s surviving spouse, if the
Participant is married.  In the event no beneficiary is designated on
the specified form and the Participant is not married on the date of his/her
death, the Participant’s benefit shall be paid to the Participant’s Estate and
it shall be the Designated Beneficiary.
    
    2.13           “Disability” shall mean the ASERP Participant is unable to engage
in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be
expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months; or
if the ASERP Participant is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or
mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to
last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving
income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under
an accident and health plan covering employees of the ASERP Participant’s
employer; or a ASERP Participant will be deemed disabled if the ASERP
Participant is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security
Administration or Railroad Retirement Board.  A ASERP Participant may
be determined to be disabled by a disability insurance program, provided the
definition of disability used by such disability insurance program complies with
Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(4).  This definition
excludes:
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              any
      condition incurred as a result of or incidental to a criminal act
      perpetrated by the ASERP Participant;
and
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              any
      condition resulting from excessive use of alcohol, drugs or narcotics or
      from willful, self-inflicted injury; provided, however, that a condition
      shall constitute a Disability only if the ASERP Participant incurs such
      condition prior to the termination of his/her employment with all Alcon
      Affiliated Companies.
            
          
      
    
    
    2.14           “Domestic Relations
Order” shall mean any judgment, decree, or
order (including approval of a property settlement agreement) which (i) relates
to the provision of child support, alimony payments, or marital property rights
to a spouse, former spouse, child or other dependent of a Participant, and (2)
is made pursuant to a State domestic relations law (including a community
property law).
    
    2.15           “Early Retirement Age”
means age fifty-five (55).
    
    2.16           “Eligible Employee”
means an individual employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company who is determined by
the ASERP Committee to (a) be a United States based key management employee, (b) possesses a
job determined to have significant strategic business impact for at least one
(1) year at a grade level of 30 or above (or equivalent level position
in another job evaluation scheme or system),
(c) demonstrate potential for significant expansion of responsibility and
position scope in the future, (d) have satisfactory job performance for each of the two (2) previous performance
years,
and (c) be
an employee who is not a participant in the Alcon Pharmaceuticals, Ltd.
International Umbrella Plan or any other retirement plan sponsored by an Alcon
Affiliated Company determined by the ASERP Committee to be similar to or the
equivalent of the ASERP. The ASERP Committee may change an individual’s status
on a prospective basis at any time from that of an Eligible Employee to an
employee who is not an Eligible Employee.
    
    2.17           “Joint & Survivor Payment
Option” means an actuarially reduced payment made to an ASERP Participant
for the Participant’s life, with subsequent payment, reduced by fifty percent
(50%), made to the Participant’s Surviving Spouse until the death of the
Surviving Spouse.
    
    2.18           “Normal Retirement Age”
means age sixty-two (62).
    
    2.19           “Normal Retirement
Benefit” means an amount equal to the Benefit Percentage times the ASERP
Participant’s Average Annual Compensation less the applicable Social Security
Offset.
    
    2.20           “NQDC Plan” shall mean any agreement, method or arrangement,
including one of the above that applies to one person or
individual.  An agreement, method or arrangement may be a plan for
this purpose even if it is not an employee benefit plan under section 3(3) of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  A
NQDC Plan includes all arrangements that are recognized in the final regulations
issued under Code section 409A as a separate category or type of plan that must
be aggregated as a separate type of NQDC Plan in the same manner as such plans
are aggregated under Treasury Regulation § 1.409-1(c) and any successor
thereto.
    
    2.21           “Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit”
means the Normal Retirement Benefit reduced by the Applicable Penalty Percentage
as determined pursuant to subparagraph 3.01(b).
    
    2.22           “Separation from
Service” shall mean a termination of
services provided by a Participant to his Alcon Affiliated Company, whether
voluntarily or involuntarily, other than by reason of death or Disability, as
determined by the ASERP Committee in accordance with Treas. Reg.
§1.409A-1(h).  
    
    
      
          
            
              (a)  
            
            
              a Participant acting as an independent contractor
      with respect to the Company the date upon which the Participant’s contract
      under which the Participant provides services to the Company expires (or
      if there is more than one contract, the date when all of Participant’s
      contracts with the Company expire) provided such expiration of the
      Contract(s) is a good fact and complete termination of the contractual
      relationship.  An expiration is not a good faith Separation from
      Service if the Company anticipates renewal of the relationship or
      contract, or if the independent contractor becomes an
      employee.  Renewal is anticipated if neither the Company, nor
      the Participant has eliminated the Participant as a potential service
      provider.  The Participant will be considered to be intended to
      contract with the Company again if the Company’s contracting is
      conditioned only on incurring a need for the services or the availability
      of funds or both.  Furthermore, a Participant who was an
      independent contractor with respect to the Company shall not be deemed to
      have Separated from Service until the later of the date that is twelve
      (12) months and one (1) day after the date the Participant’s last contract
      with the Company expired and provided that no amount will be payable to
      the Participant if during such period the Participant provided services to
      the Company as an independent contractor or an
      employee.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-1(h)(2).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              (b)  
            
            
              a Participant who is an employee of the Company
      shall be Separated from Service with the Company if the employee dies,
      retires or otherwise terminates employment with the
      Company.  Notwithstanding the above, a Participant is considered
      to be continuing to be an employee while the employee is on military
      leave, sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence if the duration of
      such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, the duration of
      the leave continues as long as the Participant’s rights to reemployment
      with the Company is provided either by statute or contract.  A
      leave of absence is bona fide only if there is a reasonable expectation
      that the Participant will return to perform services for the
      Company.  If the leave exceeds six (6) months and the
      Participant does not retain reemployment rights under a contract or a
      statute, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first
      date after such six (6) month period.  Notwithstanding the
      above, where a leave of absence is due to a medically determinable
      physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or
      last for a continuous period of not less than six (6) months, and causes
      the Participant to be unable to perform the duties of his position or a
      substantially similar position, the leave duration may be expanded to
      twenty-nine (29) months instead of six (6) months.  The
      termination of a Participant’s employment is determined by the Company
      based upon the facts and
circumstances.
            
          
      
    
    If a Participant continues to be employed (whether as an
employee or independent contractor), but the Company and the Participant
reasonably anticipated (1) the Participant would not provide further services
after a certain date, or (2) that the level of bona fide service provided to the
Company would permanently decrease to below 50% of the average level of bona
fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36 months (whether as an
employee or independent contractor) (or over the full period if the employee had
not completed 36 months of service), the Participant will be treated as
Separated from Service.  For this purpose, services will be at an
annual rate that is less than 50 percent
of the services rendered on the average
(whether as an employee or independent contractor), during the immediately
preceding 36 months of employment (or, if employed a lesser period, for such
lesser period) and the annual remuneration for such services is less than 50
percent of the average annual remuneration earned by the Participant during the
most recent 36 months of employment (or, if employed for a lesser period, such
lesser period).  
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
            
              If the Participant was an employee and continues
      to provide services after termination of employment as an independent
      contractor, a Separation from Service will not be deemed to occur if the
      Participant provides services at an annual rate that is 50 percent or more
      of the services rendered on the average during the immediately preceding
      36 months of employment (or, if employed for a lesser period, over such
      lesser period) and the annual compensation for such services is 50 percent
      or more of the annual compensation earned during the most recent 36 months
      of employment (or, if employed for a lesser period, such lesser
      period).  Treasury
      Regulation §
1.409A-1(h)(1).  
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
            
              For purposes of determining whether a Participant
      has Separated from Service with the Company, all services provided by the
      Participant to the Company or any entity that qualifies as an Affiliate,
      if the ownership or control were testing substituting “at least 50%” in
      every place in which “at least 80%” is used, shall be counted to determine
      if the Participant has Separated from Service with the
      Company.
            
          
      
    
    
    2.23           “Similar
Arrangements” shall mean such other
arrangements or plans providing nonqualified deferred compensation subject to
Code section 409A which, in the event of a violation of such section’s
requirements, would be grouped as a plan as such term is defined in Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-1(c).
    
    2.24           “Social Security
Offset” means the product of (i) total Years of Service multiplied by two
and one-half percent (2.5%) of the ASERP Participant’s annual Social Security
benefit. If an ASERP Participant is not eligible to receive Social Security
benefits at the time benefits are payable under the ASERP but later becomes
entitled to receive Social Security benefits, the amount of the Social Security
Offset will be calculated when Social Security benefits begin. Once Social
Security benefits have become payable, however, subsequent increases in Social
Security benefits shall not cause the amount of the Social Security Offset to be
recalculated to reduce the benefits payable under the ASERP. If Social Security
benefits are decreased because of a change in dependent status, or if Social
Security benefits cease because of a failure to meet Social Security benefit
guidelines, the Social Security Offset under the ASERP will be recalculated to
reflect those changes assuming entitlement to benefits under this ASERP
continues.
    
    2.25           “Specified
Employee” shall mean one of the persons determined to be a
specified employee for the period during which the relevant Separation from
Service occurs in accordance with the Policy Regarding Determination of
Specified Employees for Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans of Alcon
Holdings Inc. 
    
    2.26           “Specified Time” shall mean a payment date specified by the reference
to a particular calendar date or the specified number of days following
occurrence of an objectively determinable event.
    
    2.27           “Surviving Spouse”
shall mean --
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              in
      the case of an ASERP Participant who dies while employed by an Alcon
      Affiliated Company and prior to commencement of an ASERP Benefit, an
      individual who was the spouse of such ASERP Participant at the time of
      his/her death,
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              in
      the case of an ASERP Participant who is no longer employed by an Alcon
      Affiliated Company but has a Vested Benefit that has not yet commenced, an
      individual who was the spouse of such ASERP Participant both at the time
      of such ASERP Participant’s termination of employment with the Alcon
      Affiliated Company and at the time of death;
or
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              in
      the case of an ASERP Participant whose ASERP Benefit has commenced or who
      is receiving Disability benefits, an individual who was the spouse of the
      ASERP Participant both at the time such ASERP Participant’s ASERP Benefit
      or Disability benefit commenced, and at the time of the ASERP
      Participant’s death.
            
          
      
    
    
    2.28           “Vested Benefit” means
that an ASERP Participant has accumulated ten (10) Years of Service, has died or
become Disabled while an Eligible Employee and while employed, or that there is
a Change of Control as provided in Article V when the ASERP Participant is an
Eligible Employee. An ASERP Participant’s Vested Benefit is subject to the
forfeiture provisions and limitations set forth in Article VI.
    
    2.29           “Year of Service”
means the following period:
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              and shall begin with the calendar year
      in which an ASERP Participant is designated as an Eligible
      Employee
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              and shall include each calendar year
      in which the individual continues to be designated as an Eligible Employee
      subsequent to such calendar year of entry, including any periods of
      Disability;
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              and shall end with the calendar year
      of an Eligible Employee’s Separation from
      Service, retirement, or death (collectively, the “events”) if the
      first of the events occurs on or after July 1 of such calendar year; if
      the first of the events occurs on or before June 30 of such calendar year,
      then the year shall not constitute a “Year of Service”;
  and
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              shall credit one (1) year for every five
      (5) years of employment with any Alcon Affiliated Company and/or any
      entity (incorporated or unincorporated) acquired by an Alcon Affiliated
      Company. A year of employment shall be 365 days of employment. Years of
      employment shall be counted from the first day of employment to the day
      before the first date that an individual is designated as an Eligible
      Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ASERP Participants who have at
      least five (5) years of employment with an Alcon Affiliated Company before
      the first date designated as Eligible Employees shall have years of
      employment counted from the first day of such employment through the end
      of the first year of designation as an Eligible
  Employee.
            
          
      
    
    
    The
maximum number of Years of Service that can be recognized under the ASERP is
twenty (20).
    
    END OF
ARTICLE II
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE III: ASERP
BENEFITS
    3.01           Benefits.
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Normal Retirement
      Benefit. ASERP provides a Normal Retirement Benefit to each ASERP
      Participant who Separates from Service at or after attaining Normal
      Retirement Age provided such ASERP Participant has a Vested Benefit and
      does not violate the covenants set forth or otherwise forfeit his Benefit
      as set forth in Article VI.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              Reduced Normal Retirement
      Benefit. ASERP provides a Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit to each
      ASERP Participant who Separates from
      Service with a Vested Benefit prior
      to having attained Normal Retirement Age and does not violate the
      covenants set forth or otherwise forfeit his ASERP Benefit as set forth in
      Article VI.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              Calculation of Reduced
      Normal Retirement
      Benefit. The Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit is calculated by
      reducing the ASERP Participant’s Average Annual Compensation by the
      Applicable Penalty Percentage then multiplying such reduced Average Annual
      Compensation by the ASERP Participant’s Benefit Percentage and reducing
      such amount by the Social Security
Offset.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
              (ii)  
            
            
              Applicable Penalty
      Percentage. The Applicable Penalty Percentage is as
      follows:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              (iii)  
            
             
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              AGE
      AT SEPARATION FROM SERVICE
      (DEATH)
            
            
               
              APPLICABLE PENALTY
            
          
          
            
              61
            
            
              4%
            
          
          
            
              60
            
            
              8%
            
          
          
            
              59
            
            
              12%
            
          
          
            
              58
            
            
              16%
            
          
          
            
              57
            
            
              20%
            
          
          
            
              56
            
            
              25%
            
          
          
            
              55
      or less
            
            
              30%
            
          
      
    
    
    (c)           Death
Benefits.
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              ASERP
      provides a death benefit if an Eligible Employee dies prior to Separation from Service and is survived by a Surviving
      Spouse.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              A
      Surviving Spouse’s Reduced Normal Retirement Benefit death benefit shall
      begin as soon as administratively practicable after the ASERP
      Participant’s death, but in no event later
      than sixty (60) days following the date of such Participant’s
      death. The
      amount of the deceased ASERP Participant’s benefit shall be determined
      pursuant to subparagraph 3.01(b).
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              Disability
      Benefits.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              Eligible Employee
      Approved for Long Term Disability. If an Eligible Employee suffers
      a Disability while employed by an Alcon Affiliated Company, ASERP Benefits
      shall begin (A) when the ASERP Participant attains Normal Retirement Age,
      or (B) if earlier, when benefits payable under an Alcon Affiliated
      Company’s long term disability plan or program cease. An ASERP Participant
      who is receiving benefits under an Alcon Affiliated Company’s long term
      disability plan or program at Normal Retirement Age will have his ASERP
      Benefits reduced dollar-for-dollar by such long term disability benefits.
      ASERP Benefits paid before Normal Retirement Age shall be subject to the
      Applicable Penalty Percentage.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              ASERP Participant No
      Longer Disabled. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
      paragraph, if the ASERP Participant, subsequent to approval for long term
      disability coverage under the long term disability plan or program
      maintained by an Alcon Affiliated Company, is medically certified as no
      longer Disabled and chooses not to
      resume employment with an Alcon Affiliated Company such ASERP Participant
      shall no longer accrue any benefits under the ASERP.  Such ASERP Participant’s
      Disability benefit under Section 3.01(d) shall cease to be paid effective
      as of the first day of the first month following the month in which the
      Participant is certified as no longer Disabled.  The Participant
      must provide Company with a copy of each medical certification of his
      status within 14 days of the date of the Participant’s appointment
      resulting in such
certification.
            
          
      
    
    
    3.02           Cost of Living
Adjustment. All ASERP Benefit payments shall be increased by a Cost of
Living Adjustment as follows:
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Each
      January 1, the ASERP Benefit shall be increased by an annual percentage
      adjustment equal to the greater of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) or
      (ii) any cost-of-living adjustment taking effect on or immediately prior
      to such January 1 under Section 215(i) of the United States Social
      Security Act (relating to a cost-of-living increase) for benefits under
      Title II of such Act (relating to Federal old-age, survivors, and
      disability insurance benefits). The percentage adjustment shall be
      compounded annually. Any applicable percentage adjustment shall commence
      not earlier than the January payment immediately following the
      commencement of ASERP Benefits.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              Notwithstanding
      the provisions of the foregoing subparagraph 3.02(a), in the event that
      other than an annual percentage becomes applicable for purposes of Section
      215(i) of the Social Security Act or the cost-of-living adjustment becomes
      effective on a date other than January 1, the annual percentage adjustment
      for ASERP Benefit payment purposes shall be redetermined and applied as of
      the date the adjustment becomes effective for benefits under Title II of
      the Social Security Act. If more than one rate is applicable for a
      calendar year, the rates should be combined or averaged, as the case may
      be, so that compounding occurs not more than annually. However, the annual
      percentage adjustment may never be less than one and one-half percent
      (1.5%).
            
          
      
    
    
    3.03           Payment of Benefit.
Unless a lump sum payment is chosen pursuant to subparagraph 3.04(b), ASERP
Benefits shall be paid to the ASERP Participant each year in equal semi-monthly
installments until and including the month in which such ASERP Participant shall
die. Such installments shall commence not later than the first day of the second
month after such ASERP Participant Separates from
Service with any and all Alcon
Affiliated Companies.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the ASERP
Participant Separates from Service prior to
attaining Early Retirement Age, ASERP Benefit payments shall commence the first
day of the second month following ASERP Participant’s attainment of Early
Retirement Age.  Payments to the Surviving Spouse of a retired or
terminated ASERP Participant who has elected the Joint & Survivor payment
option shall begin as soon as administratively practicable, but not earlier than
the date the ASERP Participant would have attained Early Retirement Age. If an
ASERP Participant elects a lump sum payment, the payment shall be made not later
than the first day of the second month after such ASERP Participant’s Separation from Service, unless the ASERP
Participant’s
Separation from Service occurs prior to attaining Early Retirement Age,
in which case the lump sum payment shall be made on the first day of the second
month following the ASERP Participant’s attainment of Early Retirement
Age.
    
    3.04           Benefit Payment
Options.
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Election of Form of Benefits.  Each
      ASERP Participant, when first eligible, may file with the ASERP Committee
      a written election to designate the form of his ASERP Benefits within 30
      days of the date on which the ASERP Participant is first eligible to
      accrue benefits under this Plan or under any Similar Arrangement
      maintained by the Company or any Affiliate.  The ASERP
      Participant may, when first eligible to participate in the ASERP, elect
      one of the optional forms of benefits within 30 days of the date when
      first eligible under this Plan or any Similar Arrangement maintained by
      the Company or any Affiliate.  Such election must be filed with
      the Committee as provided in Section 8.17.  Such election may be
      among either of the optional forms provided for in subparagraphs (i) or
      (iii) below. Each ASERP Participant who first becomes eligible to
      participate in the ASERP or any Similar Arrangement maintained by the
      Company or any Affiliate, as determined in accordance with Treas. Reg.
      §1.409A-2(a)(7)(ii), may elect, no later than 30 days after the
      Participant first becomes eligible to participate in the ASERP or any
      Similar Arrangement to receive his ASERP Benefit in a lump sum payment as
      provided for in subparagraph (ii) below or either of the other optional
      forms set forth in this Article III, to the
      extent applicable, provided his participation in the ASERP is the first
      plan of the type of Similar Arrangements as the ASERP.  If the
      Participant’s eligibility to participate in the  ASERP is not
      the first plan of the same type (as defined in Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-1(c))
      as the ASERP to which such Participant is eligible based on such plan
      aggregation rules, then prior to commencing participation in the ASERP,
      such Participant must elect the form in which he will receive his ASERP
      Benefit choosing between a lump sum payment or either of the other
      optional forms set forth in this Article III, to the
      extent applicable.  Such
      election must be filed with the Committee as provided in Section 8.17
      prior to the date on which he commences
  employment.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              Normal Form of
      Payment. The normal form of benefit payment is a single life
      annuity. That is, the Normal Retirement Benefit or the Reduced Normal
      Retirement Benefit will be paid for the life of the ASERP
      Participant.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              Lump Sum
      Payment. An ASERP Participant may elect to receive a lump sum
      payment equal to the present value of the ASERP Participant’s ASERP
      Benefit.  Payment of the lump sum amount shall be made as of the first date that
      benefits would be paid under the ASERP pursuant to paragraph
      3.03.  The lump sum payment shall be the present value of the
      actuarial equivalent of the single life annuity otherwise payable under
      subparagraph 3.04(a)(i), determined using the Actuarial
      Assumptions.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              Joint & Survivor
      Payment. An ASERP Participant who is married at the time of Normal or Early Retirement or Separation from
      Service may elect within 30 days of
      the date he/she is first eligible for this Plan to receive his/her
      ASERP Benefit as a Joint & Survivor Annuity. The Joint & Survivor
      Annuity shall consist of the actuarial equivalent
      of an
      immediate annuity for the life of the ASERP Participant, with a survivor
      annuity for the life of his/her Surviving Spouse which is equal to fifty
      percent (50%) of the amount of the payment made to the ASERP Participant
      during his/her life. The Joint & Survivor Annuity shall be the
      actuarial equivalent of the single life annuity otherwise payable under
      subparagraph 3.04(a)(i), determined using the Actuarial
      Assumptions.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              Change in Election of Form of
      Benefit.  A Participant may change the form of payment for the
      ASERP Benefit from the form provided for in subparagraph 3.04(a)(ii) to
      one of the other forms provided for in subparagraph 3.04(a) or from one of
      such other forms to the form provided for in subparagraph 3.04(a)(ii) by
      submitting an election form to the ASERP Committee in accordance with the
      following criteria:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              (i)  
            
            
              The election shall not take effect until at least
      12 months after the date on which the election is made;
      
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              (ii)  
            
            
              Any new date for payment of ASERP Benefits made as
      the result of Separation from Service or at a Specified Time shall be 5
      years after the date the payment of ASERP Benefits otherwise would have
      been paid or on which the first amount was scheduled to be paid for such
      Benefits; and
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              (iii)  
            
            
              The election must be made at least 12 months prior
      to the date for payment of ASERP Benefits that would otherwise have been
      applicable to such Benefits.
            
          
      
    
    
    For purposes of applying the provisions of this
subparagraph 3.04(b), a Participant’s election to change the form of payment for
the ASERP Benefit shall not be considered to be made until the date on which the
election becomes irrevocable.  Such an election shall become
irrevocable no later than the date that is 12 months prior to the date for
payment of ASERP Benefits that would otherwise have been applicable to the such
Benefits.  Subject to the requirements of this subparagraph 3.04(b),
the election form most recently accepted by the ASERP Committee that has become
effective shall govern the form of payout of the Participant’s ASERP
Benefits.  No election may accelerate the payment of any ASERP
Benefit.
    
    The ASERP Committee shall, as of the last day of the
month within which the ASERP Participant Separates from Service, certify to the employer the method
of payment selected by the ASERP Participant.
    
    3.05           Permitted Payment Delays (Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-2(b)(2)).

    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Amounts to be paid as described in Section 3.04
      may be deferred beyond their established payment date where the Company
      reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal
      securities laws or other applicable laws; provided that the Company makes
      the payment at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably
      anticipates that making such payment will not cause such
      violation.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii).
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              Amounts to be paid as described in Section 3.04
      may be deferred beyond their established payment date where the Company
      reasonably anticipates that the Company’s federal income tax deduction
      with respect to such payment otherwise would be limited or eliminated by
      application of section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
      amended (the “Code”), provided the payment will be paid either during the
      participant’s first taxable year in which the Company reasonably
      anticipates, or should reasonably anticipate that if the payment is made
      in that year, the deduction of such payment will not be barred by
      application of Code section 162(m), or during the period beginning with
      the date the Participant Separates from Service and ending on the later of
      the last day of the taxable year of the Participant in which the
      Participant Separated from Service on the 15th day of the third month following the
      Participant’s Separation from Service, and provided further that if there
      was any scheduled payment to the Participant in a Participant’s taxable
      year is delayed due to deductibility under Code section 162(m), the delay
      in payment will constitute a subsequent deferral unless all scheduled
      payments to such Participant that could be delayed under this section are
      also delayed.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-2(b)(7)(i).
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              The payment may be delayed if the making of the
      payment as of the date specified under the Plan would jeopardize the
      ability of the Company to continue as a going concern and the payment will
      be treated as made on the date specified provided it is made during the
      first taxable year of the Participant in which making the payment would
      not have such effect on the Company.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(d).
            
          
      
    
    3.06           Permitted Payment Accelerations. 
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Accelerations of Benefits.  No benefit
      payment time or schedule under this Agreement shall be
      accelerated.  Neither Participant nor the Company shall have a
      direct or indirect election or any discretion regarding acceleration of a
      payment.  The following are the only permitted payment
      accelerations:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              Domestic Relations Orders.  The time or
      schedule of payments under this Agreement may be accelerated for a payment
      to an individual other than the Participant to the extent necessary to
      fulfill a domestic relations order.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              Limited Cashouts.  A Participant’s
      benefit automatically shall be paid, at the Company’s election, in a lump
      sum (1) the Participant’s entire interest under this Agreement and under
      all Similar Arrangements that would constitute a nonqualified deferred
      compensation plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2) are paid, (2)
      the payment is not greater than the dollar limit on elective deferrals in
      Code section 402(g)(1)(B), (3) the Participant is provided no election
      with respect to receipt of the lump sum payment, and (4) the Company
      documents in writing its exercise of discretion with respect to this
      payment on or before the date such payment is made.  Such
      payment shall comply with Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(v).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              Employment Tax Payment.  The time or
      schedule of payments may be accelerated to the extent necessary to pay the
      Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) tax imposed under Code sections
      3101, 3121(a) and 3121(v)(2), where applicable, on compensation deferred
      under this Agreement or the Railroad Retirement Act tax under Code section
      3201 (the “FICA Amount”).  The time or schedule of payments may
      be accelerated to pay the federal income tax withholding at the source on
      wages imposed by Code section 3401 or the corresponding withholding
      provisions of applicable state, local or foreign tax laws as a result of
      the payment of the FICA Amount and to pay the additional income tax on
      wages attributing to the pyramiding of Code section 3401 wages and taxes
      related to the payment of the FICA Amount.  However, the total
      payment under this Section 3.06(a)(iii) shall not exceed the aggregate of
      the FICA Amount and the income tax withholding related to such FICA
      Amount.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iv)
            
            
              409A Failure Income Inclusion.  The time
      or schedule of payments may be accelerated to provide a payment to the
      Participant when the arrangement fails to comply with the requirements of
      Code section 409A and the guidance thereunder; provided such payment shall
      be limited to the amount the Participant is required to include in his/her
      income as a result of such failure to comply with Code section 409A and
      the final regulations thereunder.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(vii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (v)
            
            
              Cancellation of Deferrals Following an
      Unforeseeable Emergency or Hardship Distribution.  The
      Participant may cancel his/her deferral election due to an unforeseen
      emergency or the Participant taking a hardship withdrawal from the 401(k)
      plan in which he/she participates pursuant to Treasury Regulation §
      l.401(k)-1(d)(3); provided the deferral election under this Plan is
      cancelled and not postponed or otherwise delayed, and any later deferral
      election shall be subject to the regulations governing initial deferral
      elections under Code section 409A and Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-2(a).  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(viii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (vi)
            
            
              Conflicts of Interest.  Payment time or
      schedule may be accelerated under the Plan to the extent necessary for any
      Federal officer or employee in the executive branch to comply with any
      ethics agreement with the Federal government.  Treasury
      Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(iii)(A).
            
          
      
    
    The time or schedule of payments under the Plan for a
payment under the plan may be accelerated and paid to the extent reasonably
necessary to avoid violation of an applicable Federal, state, local or foreign
ethics law or conflicts of interest law.  A payment is reasonably
necessary to avoid violation of such laws if it is necessary as part of a course
of action that results in compliance with such laws and such laws would be
violated under such course of action.
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (vii)
            
            
              Termination of Plan.  This Plan may be
      terminated with respect to this Participant if either 1, 2, or 3 below is
      satisfied:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              1.
            
            
              The Company in its sole discretion and pursuant to
      the terms of this Arrangement decides to terminate this NQDC Plan within
      twelve (12) months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code section
      331, or with the approval of the bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C.
      503(b)(1)(A); provided that the amounts deferred under the NQDC Plan for
      the Participants are included in the Participants’ gross income by the
      latest of (or if earlier, the taxable year in which the amount is actually
      or constructively received):
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              the calendar year in which the NQDC Plan
      termination and liquidation
occurred;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              the first calendar year in which the amount is no
      longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture;
    or
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              the first calendar year in which the payment is
      administratively practicable.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(viv)(A).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              2.
            
            
              The Company may, in its sole discretion, pursuant
      to an irrevocable action taken by the Company within the thirty (30) days
      preceding or the twelve (12) months following a change in control (as such
      phrase is defined in Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)) terminate and
      liquidate the NQDC Plan provided this shall only apply to a payment under
      the Plan if all agreements, programs and other Similar Arrangements
      sponsored by the Company immediately after the change in control event
      that are treated as deferred under a single plan under Treasury Regulation
      § 1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and liquidated with respect to each
      participant that experienced the change in control event so that under the
      terms of the termination and liquidation all such participants are
      required to receive all amounts of deferred compensation under the
      aggregated terminated agreements, programs and other arrangements within
      twelve (12) months of the date the Company irrevocably took all necessary
      action to terminate and liquidate such arrangements pursuant to Treasury
      Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B).  The Company who may take
      such actions to terminate such NQDC Plans under this Section 3.06(a)(vii)
      must be the Company that is primarily liable immediately after the Change
      in Control transaction for payment of the deferred compensation under this
      Plan.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              3.
            
            
              The Company may, in its sole discretion, pursuant
      to the terms of this Plan terminate the Plan
    provided:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              The termination and liquidation of the Plan is not
      proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the service recipient
      or Company;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              All Arrangements sponsored by the Company or its
      Affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated Arrangement as a
      NQDC Plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2), if the Participant
      participated in and had deferrals under all Arrangements, are terminated
      and liquidated;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              No payments in liquidation of the Plan, other than
      payments payable under the terms of the Plan if the termination had not
      occurred, are made within twelve (12) months of the date on which the
      Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate
      the Plan;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              All payments are made within twenty-four (24)
      months of the date the Company took all action to irrevocably terminate
      and liquidate the Plan; and
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (e)
            
            
              The Company does not adopt a new Plan that would
      be aggregated with any terminated Plan as a NQDC Plan under Treasury
      Regulation § 1.409A-1(c) if the Participant participated in both Plans at
      any time within three (3) years immediately following the date the Company
      took all actions necessary to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the Plan
      under Treasury Regulation §
  1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(C).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (viii)
            
            
              Cancellation of Deferral Elections Due to
      Disability.  The Participant’s deferral election may be canceled
      provided the cancellation occurs by the later of the end of the taxable
      year of the Participant or the 15th day of the third month following the date the
      Participant suffered a disability.  Such disability for the
      purposes of a deferral election cancellation shall be deemed to exist if
      the Participant suffers a physical or mental impairment that results in
      the Participant being unable to perform the duties of his or her position
      or any substantially similar position where the impairment is expected to
      (1) last for a continuous period of not less than six months, or (2) to
      result in death.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(xii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ix)
            
            
              Certain Offsets.  The time or schedule
      of payments may be accelerated under the NQDC Plan to satisfy the debt a
      Participant owes to the Company, where such debt was incurred in the
      ordinary course of the service relationship between the parties, the
      entire amount of the reduction in any of the Participant’s taxable years
      does not exceed $5,000, and the reduction is made at the same time and in
      the same amount as the debt otherwise would have been due and collected
      from the Participant.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (x)
            
            
              Bona Fide Disputes as to a Right to a
      Payment.  If the Company and the Participant have an
      arm’s-length bona fide dispute as to the Participant’s right to a deferred
      amount, the Plan may accelerate the time or schedule of payments or the
      Plan may make a payment as part of the settlement of such
      dispute.  However, there shall not be any discretion with
      respect to accelerating any time or schedule of payment other than for
      purposes of settling an arm’s-length dispute as to the Participant’s right
      to a payment.  Only payments for which there is a substantial
      reduction (25 percent or more) in the amount payable shall be deemed to be
      eligible to be treated as payments under this Section
      3.05(b)(x).  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiv).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (xi)
            
            
              Payment of State, Local or Foreign
      Taxes.  The Plan may accelerate the time and form of payment to
      reflect the Plan’s payment of state, local or foreign taxes arising out of
      the Participant’s participation in the Plan, to reflect such tax payments
      related to amounts deferred under the Plan before such amounts are paid or
      made available to the Participant.  Such accelerated payments
      may be made by payment of the withholding taxes on behalf of the
      Participants in accordance with applicable state, local or foreign laws,
      including federal income tax withholdings.  However, the total
      payments accelerated under this Section 3.06(a)(xi) must not exceed the
      sum of the state, local and foreign tax amounts and the income tax
      withholding related to such amounts.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(xi).
            
          
      
    
    
    3.07           Mandatory Delay of Payments to Specified Employees Upon
Separation from Service.  Notwithstanding the other benefit provisions
herein, in the event an ASERP Participant is entitled to receive an ASERP
Benefit as the result of Separation from Service, no ASERP Benefit shall be paid
for six months and two days following the ASERP Participant’s Separation from
Service and any payments that would have been paid if this Section was not in
effect during such six month period, shall be paid in a single sum on the date
that is six months and two days following the Separation from
Service.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE III
    
    
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE IV: VESTED BENEFIT
EVENTS AND BENEFIT ACCRUAL
RULES
    
    
    
    [This
Article IV was intentionally left blank.]
    
    
    END OF
ARTICLE IV
    
    
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE V: CHANGE OF CONTROL
BENEFITS
    
    5.01           Benefit Upon Change of
Control.
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Credited
      Service. An Eligible Employee who is employed by an Alcon
      Affiliated Company on the date of a Change of Control shall be deemed to
      have a Vested Benefit. The Benefit Percentage for such Vested Benefit
      shall be equal to the product of (i) the ASERP Participant’s Years of
      Service as of the date of the Change of Control multiplied by (ii) the
      Annual Benefit Accrual Rate.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              “Change of
      Control” means the happening of any of the
    following:
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              any
      “person” including a “group” (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and
      14(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
      “Exchange Act”)), but excluding (i) the Company, (ii) any entity
      controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company
      including Nestlé S.A. (Nestlé), (iii) any employee benefit plan of the
      Company or any such entity, (iv) any entity or group acting to facilitate
      any initial public offering of the Shares and, (v) with respect to any
      particular Participant, the Participant and any “group” (as such term is
      used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of which such Participant is
      a member, and (vi) any acquisition of securities directly from the Company
      is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under
      the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
      representing 50% or more of either (i) the combined voting power of the
      Company’s then outstanding securities or (ii) the then outstanding Shares;
      or
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              the
      commission of any consolidation or merger of the Company or subsidiary
      where the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the
      consolidation or merger, do not, immediately after the consolidation or
      merger, beneficially own (as such term is used in Rule 13(d)(3) under the
      Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, securities representing in the
      aggregate 51% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding
      voting securities of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the
      consolidation or merger (or its ultimate parent corporation, if any),
      except any such transaction with Nestlé or any entity controlled by
      Nestlé; or
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              any
      sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or in a series
      of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as a single plan) of
      all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than the sale
      or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s
      assets either (i) to an entity, at least 51% of the combined voting power
      of the voting securities of which are beneficially owned by shareholders
      in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company
      immediately prior to such sale or (ii) to Nestlé or to an entity
      controlled by Nestlé, or
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iv)
            
            
              during
      any period of two consecutive years commencing on or after January 1,
      2002, individuals who, at the beginning of the period, constituted the
      Board of Directors (together with any new directors whose election by such
      Board or whose nomination for election by the stockholders of the Company
      was approved by a majority of the directors then still in office who were
      either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or
      nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason
      to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors then in
      office.
            
          
      
    
    
    Solely
for purposes of this definition the following terms have the meanings set forth
below:
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              a.
            
            
              “Board
      of Directors” means, the Board of Directors of Alcon,
  Inc.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              b.
            
            
              “Company”
      means, Alcon, Inc., the parent Company of Alcon Holdings Inc., a
      corporation organized in Switzerland, the shares of which are traded on
      the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol ACL, its subsidiaries,
      successors and assigns.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              c.
            
            
              “Shares”
      means, the registered common stock, CHF 0.20 par value, per share of
      Alcon, Inc.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              Benefit. Upon a
      Change of Control an Eligible Employee’s ASERP Benefit shall commence to
      be paid not earlier than (i) the first day of the second month following
      the Change of Control, and the Participant’s Separation from Service and
      subject to any delay required by Section 3.07, (ii) the first day
      of the second month following the
      ASERP Participant’s attainment of age fifty (50), or (iii) upon Separation from Service with the successor
      entity, whichever is later, subject to
      Section 3.07’s required delay, if applicable.  Notwithstanding
      the above, in the event an ASERP Benefit is payable to an ASERP
      Participant upon a Separation from Service and the ASERP Participant is
      determined to be a Specified Employee for the year in which the Separation
      from Service occurs, then no payments shall be made to such ASERP
      Participant for six months following the Separation from Service and the
      first payment shall be made on the date that is six months and two days
      after the Separation from Service.  If the ASERP Participant’s
      benefit is payable in a series of payments, the first six months and the
      seventh month payment shall be paid in one payment on the date that is six
      months and two days after the Separation from
      Service.  The provisions of this Article V supersede all
      other provisions of the ASERP regarding benefit calculation and payment
      (except that paragraph 3.02 shall continue to apply to all benefit amounts
      from the date of Change of Control); however, this Article V does not
      affect ASERP Benefits of ASERP Participants or Surviving Spouses being
      paid or pending ASERP Benefits of ASERP Participants who separated from
      service prior to Early Retirement Age and before the Change of
      Control
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              At
      the time of a Change of Control, the Alcon Affiliated Companies shall
      establish a grantor trust which shall have
      its assets located in the United States and contribute to said
      trust the present value as of the Change of Control of accrued ASERP
      Benefits (based on the Actuarial Assumptions) for the purpose of holding
      assets for the payment of ASERP Benefits to Participants. If such trust
      has been previously established, the Alcon Affiliated Companies shall
      contribute the amount necessary such that the assets of the trust are not
      less than the present value as of the Change of Control of accrued ASERP
      Benefits.
            
          
      
    
    
    
    END OF
ARTICLE V
    
    
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE VI: FORFEITURES AND
COVENANTS APPLICABLE TO RECIPIENTS OF ASERP BENEFITS
    
    6.01           Limitations and Forfeiture
of Right to Benefits.
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              If
      an ASERP Participant’s employment is terminated voluntarily or
      involuntarily prior to accruing a Vested Benefit, such ASERP Participant
      forfeits all rights to the benefits provided by
  ASERP.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              If
      an ASERP Participant ceased to be an Eligible Employee prior to accruing a
      Vested Benefit, such ASERP Participant forfeits all rights to benefits
      provided by ASERP.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              If
      an ASERP Participant has chosen to participate in the Alcon
      Pharmaceuticals Ltd. International Umbrella Plan or any other retirement
      plan sponsored by an Alcon Affiliated Company determined by the ASERP
      Committee to be similar to or the equivalent of ASERP, such ASERP
      Participant forfeits all rights to the benefits provided by
      ASERP.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              6.02
            
            
              Covenants.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Confidential
      Information. ASERP Participants will, in the course of performing
      and fulfilling their duties, have access to and be entrusted with
      confidential information concerning the present and contemplated
      activities of, the techniques and modes of business operations evolved and
      used or to be evolved and used by any Alcon Affiliated Company and their
      respective customers and clients, which information is not generally known
      in the industry in which they do business, the disclosure of any of which
      confidential information to competitors or to other persons would be
      highly detrimental to the interests of the Alcon Affiliated Companies (the
      “Confidential Information”). As a condition to receipt of ASERP Benefits,
      each Participant will not directly or indirectly disclose or make any use
      of the Confidential Information without the written consent of the Alcon
      Affiliated Companies for himself or any third parties, and will return the
      originals and all copies of any documents or other media containing
      Confidential Information in his possession or under his control to the
      Alcon Affiliated Companies; provided, however that the Participant shall
      not be prohibited from using the personal skills and know-how developed by
      him during the term of his employment, and subject to the provisions of
      this Article VI, the Participant shall be allowed to pursue a career and
      earn his livelihood after the termination of his employment, through the
      use of such general skills and
      know-how he has obtained (but not any Confidential Information) before and
      during his employment without the express consent of, or any liability to,
      the Alcon Affiliated Companies. In the event of any actual or threatened
      violation of the provisions of this Article VI, the Alcon Affiliated
      Companies may commence proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction
      for, and shall be entitled to obtain, preliminary and permanent injunctive
      relief or other appropriate equitable remedies (without any bond or other
      security being required) and an accounting of all profits and benefits
      arising out of such violation, which rights and remedies shall be in
      addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Alcon Affiliated
      Companies may be entitled at law.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              Non-Solicitation.
      As a condition to receipt of ASERP Benefits, each Participant shall not,
      without the prior written consent of the Alcon Affiliated Companies,
      engage in any of the conduct described in subparagraphs (1) and (2) below,
      either directly or indirectly or in any capacity for any person, firm,
      partnership, corporation or other
entity:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (1)
            
            
              Directly
      or indirectly hire, attempt to hire, or assist any other person or entity
      in hiring or attempting to hire any current employee of the Alcon
      Affiliated Companies or any person who was such an employee within the
      12-month period prior to the termination of the Participant’s employment;
      or
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (2)
            
            
              Directly
      or indirectly solicit, divert or take away, in competition with the Alcon
      Affiliated Companies, the business or patronage of any current
      customer.
            
          
      
    
    
    6.03           Covenant Not to
Compete. As an ancillary covenant to the terms and conditions set forth
above, and in consideration of the access to Confidential Information, and as a
condition to receipt of ASERP Benefits, for a period of five (5) years following
termination of employment, each Participant will not (without the prior written
consent of the Alcon Affiliated Companies) either individually or in partnership
or in conjunction with any other person or entity, as principal, agent,
shareholder, guarantor, creditor, employee, consultant or in any other manner
whatsoever, carry on any business of, or be engaged in, consult or advise, lend
money to, guarantee the debts or obligations of, or permit his name or any part
thereof to be used by, any person or entity engaged in or concerned with or
interested in any business carried on, anywhere in which the Alcon Affiliated
Companies carry on their businesses, which competes with the products
manufactured and sold or services provided by the Alcon Affiliated Companies
(the “Business”). If the Participant violates the Covenant Not To Compete set
forth herein, he or she shall forfeit all ASERP Benefits. The ASERP Committee
shall make the determination of whether a terminated ASERP Participant’s
post-termination activities violate this covenant.
    
    6.04           Forfeiture based on Felony
Conviction. If an ASERP Participant who has a Vested Benefit is
terminated voluntarily or involuntarily from employment with any Alcon
Affiliated Company for reason of activity or conduct which results in a felony
conviction or a plea of nolo contendere to a felony, under the law of any
jurisdiction, such ASERP Participant shall forfeit all right to benefits under
the ASERP at the discretion of the ASERP Committee.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE VI
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE VII: AUTHORITY TO
ADMINISTER
    
    7.01           The
Board of Directors of Alcon Holdings Inc. shall have the right, at any time, to
amend or terminate the ASERP, except that it may not terminate a Vested Benefit
hereunder except as provided in Article VI and no
such termination or amount may accelerate any benefit under the ASERP except as
provided in Section 3.06 above.  Following a termination of the ASERP,
the Participants’ ASERP Benefits shall remain in the ASERP and shall not be
distributed until such Benefits become eligible for distribution in accordance
with the other applicable provisions of the ASERP. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, to the extent
permitted by Treas. Reg. §1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix), the Board of Directors of Alcon
Holdings Inc. may provide that upon termination of the ASERP and termination shall comply with this Plan, or any
guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service providing for alternative
manners or methods for terminating a plan subject to section 409A of the
Code.
    
    7.02           Neither
the ASERP Committee nor any members of the Board of Directors of any Alcon
Affiliated Company shall be liable to any person for any action taken or omitted
in connection with the administration or interpretation of the
ASERP.
    
    7.03           Subject
to the limitations herein set forth, the ASERP Committee shall establish from
time to time the rules or regulations for the administration of the ASERP and
the transaction of its business, provided that no such rule or regulation shall
be contrary to the specific provisions of the ASERP. The ASERP Committee has
full discretion to interpret the ASERP, to determine whether a claimant is
eligible for benefits; to decide the amount, form, and timing of benefits; and
to resolve any other matter under the ASERP which is raised by a claimant or
identified by the ASERP Committee. The ASERP Committee shall determine all
questions arising from or in connection with the provisions of the ASERP and its
administration, and any determination so made shall be final, conclusive and
binding upon all persons affected thereby.
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Claims
      under the ASERP by an ASERP Participant or anyone claiming through an
      ASERP Participant (hereinafter referred to as a “Claimant”) shall be
      presented to the ASERP Committee in writing, which shall either arrange
      for payment of the claim or otherwise dispose of it. Upon receipt of a
      claim, the ASERP Committee shall advise the Claimant that a reply will be
      forthcoming within ninety (90) days and shall, in fact, deliver such reply
      within such period. The ASERP Committee may; however, extend the reply
      period for an additional ninety (90) days for reasonable cause. If the
      claim is denied in whole or in part, the ASERP Committee shall adopt a
      written report, using language calculated to be understood by the
      Claimant, setting forth:
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              The
      specific reason or reasons for such
denial;
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              The
      specific reference to pertinent provisions of the ASERP upon which such
      denial is based;
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              A
      description of any additional material or information necessary for the
      Claimant to clarify his/her claim and an explanation why such material or
      such information is necessary;
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iv)
            
            
              Appropriate
      information as to the steps to be taken if the Claimant wishes to submit
      the claim for review; and
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (v)
            
            
              The
      time limits for requesting a
review.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              Any
      person whose claim for benefits has been denied may, within sixty (60)
      days after receipt of notice of denial, submit a written request for
      review of the decision denying the claim. In such case, the ASERP
      Committee shall make a full and fair review of such decision within sixty
      (60) days after receipt of a request for review and notify the claimant in
      writing of the review decision, specifying the reasons for such decision.
      If Claimant does not request a review of the ASERP Committee’s
      determination within such sixty (60) day period, he/she shall be barred
      and estopped from challenging the ASERP Committee’s
      determination.
            
          
      
    
    
    7.04           Communications
to the ASERP Committee shall be addressed to the Chairman of the ASERP
Committee, 6201 South Freeway, Fort Worth, Texas 76134. The Secretary of
the ASERP Committee is hereby designated as agent for service of legal process
with respect to any claims arising under the ASERP.
    
    END OF
ARTICLE VII
    
    
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE VIII: SOURCE OF
BENEFITS
    
    8.01           Benefits Payable from
General Assets. Benefits payable under the ASERP shall be paid
exclusively from the general assets of the Alcon Affiliated Company(ies) which
is (or was) the employer of the ASERP Participant, and no person entitled to
payment under the ASERP shall have any claim, right, priority, security
interest, or other interest in any fund, trust, account, or other asset of the
Alcon Affiliated Companies that may be looked to for such payment. The liability
for the payment of benefits hereunder shall be evidenced only by the ASERP and
by the existence of a book reserve established and maintained by the Alcon
Affiliated Companies for purposes of the ASERP.
    
    8.02           Investments to Facilitate
Payment of Benefits. Although the Alcon Affiliated Companies are not
obligated to invest in any specific asset or fund in order to provide the means
for the payment of any liabilities under the ASERP, they may elect to do so. In
such event, the Participant shall not have any interest whatever in such asset
or fund. Although the Alcon Affiliated Companies may earmark, invest or
segregate assets representing its commitment to the Participant under the ASERP,
no such action shall give the Participant or any person claiming through him any
claim to any such earmarked or segregated account or investment asset at any
time or any security for the payment of benefits. All such investments and
accounts shall remain the general assets of the Alcon Affiliated Companies.
Similarly, no investment earnings, increases or gains realized or unrealized
upon any such earmarked or segregated account or investment shall inure to the
benefit of the Participant directly or indirectly, but all shall remain the
property of the Alcon Affiliated Companies. In addition, benefits payable under
the terms of the ASERP shall not be limited or governed in any way by the value
or proceeds of any such asset or its earnings. All Participants shall in all
events have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Alcon Affiliated
Companies, and the ASERP shall constitute a mere unsecured promise to make
benefit payments in the future.
    
    To the
extent that funds are actually invested, earmarked and/or segregated for the
purpose of payment of an Alcon Affiliated Company’s obligations under the ASERP,
(1) no trust or secured arrangement shall be deemed to have been created because
of such investment, earmarking or segregation, (2) all earnings, gains, losses
and expenses experienced on such investments shall remain the property of the
Alcon Affiliated Companies and shall have no effect on the Alcon Affiliated
Company’s obligations to the Participant, and (3) all such assets or funds shall
remain subject to the claims of the Alcon Affiliated Company’s general unsecured creditors.
    
    8.03           Unfunded Plan. It is
the intention of the Alcon Affiliated Companies that the ASERP and the benefits
provided hereunder be administered as an unfunded pension benefit plan for
federal income tax purposes and established and maintained for members of a
select group of management or highly compensated employees as described in
Sections 201, 301 and 401 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
(“ERISA”). The employers and the Committee shall comply in all respects with the
requirements imposed by ERISA upon such plans.
    
    END
ARTICLE VIII
    
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    ARTICLE
IX:
    
    9.01           The
ASERP Participant’s ASERP Benefit granted hereunder or any interest therein is
not transferable or assignable and shall not be subject to alienation,
encumbrance, garnishment, attachment, execution, or levy of any kind, voluntary
or involuntary, except when, where, and if compelled by any applicable
law.
    
    9.02           As
used in this ASERP, reference to any gender shall include the masculine and
feminine genders, and defined terms shall include the singular or plural, as
appropriate.
    
    9.03           The
obligations of Alcon and/or any Alcon Affiliated Company under the ASERP shall
be binding upon its successors and assigns.
    
    9.04           In
the event that any provision of the ASERP is determined by any judicial,
quasi-judicial, or administrative body to be invalid or unenforceable for any
reason, all other provisions of the ASERP shall remain in full force and effect
as if such provision had never been a part of the ASERP.
    
    9.05           Nothing
herein shall be construed as an offer or commitment by Alcon and/or any Alcon
Affiliated Company to continue any ASERP Participant’s employment for any period
of time.
    
    9.06           Amounts
paid to an ASERP Participant or if the Joint & Survivor Payment Option is
elected by the Participant, his/her designated Surviving Spouse under the ASERP
shall be net of any taxes or other amounts required to be withheld by the payor
under any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
    
    9.07           This
writing constitutes the final and complete embodiment of the terms of the
ASERP.
    
    9.08.                      Subsequent Elections.  Any such election to
delay or change the form, time or schedule of payments may not take effect for
at least 12 months after the date on which the election is made.  Any
election to defer a payment upon a specified date or specified time or upon a
separation from service provided hereunder must be made and provided to the
Company more than one (1) year before such payment becomes payable and must
defer payment of the amount whose payment is deferred pursuant to such
subsequent election.  For any election to defer a payment for a
payment upon a Separation from Service or upon a specified  time and
not for a payment on account of Disability, death of a Participant, or an
Unforeseeable Emergency (i.e., for a payment on Separation from Service or a
payment on a specified date), the subsequent election must defer the payment for
not less than 5 years from the date such payment would have otherwise been paid
and any amount to be paid as an annuity shall be treated as a single payment
payable on the date the first amount would have been paid.  The plan
must require the election related to the time or form of payment to be made not
less than 12 months before the date the payment is scheduled to be paid or the
date of the first payment.
    
    9.09           Application and Effective Date.  The
provisions of this amended and restated plan apply to all amounts deferred
regardless of the date of deferral, and shall be effective as of January 1, 2008.  
    
    9.10           Limitation.  Any action to enforce any right
under this Agreement or under the Plan must be brought within two (2) years of
the date on which a benefit was first payable to the Participant
hereunder.
    
    9.11           Liability for Taxes.  The Participant is
solely liable for any and all federal, state or local taxes imposed on the
benefits hereunder; regardless of whether any amount is payable to the
Participant at the time the Participant is subject to taxation on the benefits
hereunder.
    
    9.12           Good Faith Compliance.  This amended and
restated Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2008.  This Plan was operated in good faith
compliance with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, Notice 2005-1, and
Proposed Treasury Regulation sections 1.409A-1 through 3 and 6 for periods from
January 1, 2005 through December
31, 2007.  For periods from
January 1, 2007 through December
31, 2007, this Plan was operated in good
faith compliance with section 409A of the Code, Treasury Regulation sections
1.409A-1 through 3 and 6, and to the extent an issue was not addressed in such
authorities, in good faith compliance with Notice 2005-1.
    
    9.13           Election Filing.  All elections must be filed
with the Committee.  An election is deemed filed with the Committee on
the business date it is received by the Committee, the date it is postmarked by
the U.S. Postal Service as mailed to the Committee via first class U.S. mail,
priority mail or express mail and is properly addressed, or the date it is
received by an overnight courier service and is properly
addressed.  Elections must be addressed to the following to be
properly addressed: ASERP Committee, 6201 South Freeway, Fort Worth,
Texas 76134.
    
    9.14           Construction Consistent with Treasury
Regulations.  In applying the terms and conditions of this Program,
the following principles shall be applicable:
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              Construction of Ambiguities. In construing any
      ambiguity regarding a matter that bears upon the compliance of this
      Program with the requirements of Code Section 409A, the Committee shall,
      to the extent possible, construe such ambiguity in a manner consistent
      with the requirements Code Section 409A and the final regulations issued
      thereunder.
            
          
      
    
    
    
    END OF
ARTICLE IX
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    
    

      ARTICLE
X:
      
      Effective
as of the 1st day of January, 2008.
      
      ALCON
HOLDINGS INC.
      
      
      
      By:/s/ Cary Rayment
      Cary
Rayment, Chairman of the Board,
      Chief
Executive Officer and President
      
      
      
      Date:12/18/2008
      
      
      
      
      By:/s/ Richard
Croarkin
      Richard
Croarkin, Sr. Vice President,
      Finance
and Chief Financial Officer
      
      
      Date:12/18/2008
      
      ATTEST:
      
      
      /s/ Elaine E.
Whitbeck
      Elaine E.
Whitbeck, Sr. Vice President,
      Chief
Legal Officer, General Counsel
      and
Corporate Secretary
      
       
    
    
    
     
    
    
      
        
          ALCON
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN