acl6k1206optonolex991.htm





    
       
      Exhibit
99.1
      
      
      
      
      Alcon
to Enter Surgical Glaucoma Market by Acquiring Optonol
      
      
        

              
                ·  
              
              
                Acquisition
      reflects increasing importance of glaucoma surgery to preserve
      vision
              
            
      
      
        

              
                ·  
              
              
                Entry
      into glaucoma surgery provides additional near term growth opportunity for
      Alcon
              
            
      
      
      HUENENBERG, Switzerland – December 14, 2009 – Alcon
(NYSE: ACL) announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to
acquire Optonol, Ltd., a medical device company that develops, manufactures and
markets novel miniature surgical implants used to lower intraocular pressure
(IOP) in patients with glaucoma. With this acquisition, Alcon will acquire
Optonol’s Ex-PRESS™ Mini Glaucoma Shunt. This agreement will complement Alcon’s
pharmaceutical products that lower IOP in patients with glaucoma and ocular
hypertension, and will be additive to the company’s growth
opportunities.
       “This
transaction demonstrates Alcon’s strong commitment to providing physicians with
comprehensive treatment options for patients with glaucoma, the world’s second
leading cause of blindness,” said Robert Warner, Alcon’s vice president of U.S.
pharmaceutical products. “This surgical procedure provides incremental surgeon
and patient benefits over trabeculectomy, which is currently considered the
standard of care in glaucoma surgical therapy.”
      The
American Medical Association (AMA) assigned the Ex-PRESS™ Mini Glaucoma
Shunt to CPT® 0192T
effective July 1, 2008 and it is currently reimbursed by Medicare and other
payors. The device is also
approved and currently marketed in Europe, Canada, Australia and several other
countries.
      “The
acquisition of Optonol is part of our strategy to bolster organic growth with
targeted investments in key therapeutic areas that have the potential to
contribute in both the near and long term,” said Kevin Buehler, Alcon’s
president and chief executive officer.  “Because the product is
already approved in the United States and other major markets it will begin
contributing commercially in 2010.”
      The
closing of the acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions and the
receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to occur by the end of
the first quarter of 2010.
      
      About
Glaucoma
      Glaucoma
is an eye disease that causes loss of sight by damaging a part of the eye called
the optic nerve.  When glaucoma damages the optic nerve, subtle loss
of vision begins in the peripheral vision and can progress to loss of central
vision and blindness.  Glaucoma has no signs or symptoms and sufferers
usually do not notice the disease until significant vision loss has
occurred.
      
        - more
- -
         
         
        
           
          
            
            
            
            
          
           
        
      
      According
to the World Health Organization (WHO), the estimated number of persons blinded
as a result of open angle glaucoma is 4.5 million, accounting for more than
twelve percent of all global blindness.
      
      About
Optonol
      Optonol,
Ltd. is a privately-held company located in Neve Ilan, Israel that manufactures
and markets the Ex-PRESS™ Mini Glaucoma Shunt.  The
      Ex-PRESS™
device reduces intraocular pressure (IOP) by diverting the aqueous humor from
the anterior chamber into the subconjunctival space of the eye. The procedure
has comparable IOP lowering effectiveness to a trabeculectomy, but it is more
predictable, more efficient and associated with less post-operative
complications.
      
      About
Alcon
      Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.3
billion in 2008. Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic industry for
65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceuticals,
surgical equipment and devices, contacts lens solutions and other vision care
products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions of the eye. Alcon
operates in 75 countries and sells products in 180 markets.  For more
information on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s web site at www.alcon.com.
      
      # #
#
      
      
      Caution Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. This press release may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995.  Any forward- looking statements reflect the views of our
management as of the date of this press release with respect to future events
and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Except to the extent required under the federal securities laws and
the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these
forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new information or future events
or circumstances or otherwise.
      
      
      Investor
and Media Inquiries
       
      Doug
MacHatton
      817-551-8974
      doug.machatton@alconlabs.com
      
      Melissa
Mota
      817-551-4007
      melissa.mota@alconlabs.com
      
       
      www.alcon.com