Exhibit  EX-99.1








Exhibit 99.1



FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


51job, Inc. and Recruit Co., Ltd. Announce Termination of Business Alliance Agreement



SHANGHAI, China, March 19, 2009 – 51job, Inc. (Nasdaq: JOBS), a leading provider of integrated
human resource services in China, and Recruit Co., Ltd., a leading human resource services company
in Japan, announced today that they have mutually agreed to terminate the business alliance
agreement entered into on April 5, 2006, effective today.


“Leveraging the knowledge gained during our business alliance, we are confident that 51job will
continue to be an innovator of HR services in China, offering a superior and comprehensive suite of
services to serve the evolving needs of employers. The termination of the business alliance
agreement will provide flexibility and enable both 51job and Recruit to pursue business
opportunities independently as well as cooperatively. While our agreement with Recruit will
officially end, we will continue to work together on China-based businesses jointly developed under
the terms of the agreement, such as the coupon advertising services company,” said Rick Yan,
President and Chief Executive Officer of 51job.


“The business alliance agreement was intended to provide a framework for exploring potential
business collaborations between 51job and Recruit in China for an anticipated three-year period.
Although a formal agreement will no longer be in place, we remain committed to our investment in
51job and support the company’s future growth and development,” said Hiroyuki Honda, Director of
51job and Director and Executive Vice President of Recruit.


As of December 31, 2008, Recruit owned approximately 22.3 million common shares of 51job,
representing 39.3% of fully diluted shares outstanding.


About 51job

51job, Inc. (Nasdaq: JOBS) is a leading provider of integrated human resource services in China
with a strong focus on recruitment related services. Offering a broad array of products and
services, 51job connects millions of job seekers with employment opportunities and streamlines the
recruitment process and human resource administration for tens of thousands of companies in China.
Through print advertisements in 51job Weekly and online recruitment services at www.51job.com, both
domestic Chinese employers and multinational companies alike are able to attract, identify and
recruit new employees. 51job also provides executive search services and a number of other
value-added human resource services, including training, business process outsourcing and salary
surveys. 51job’s nationwide office network in China spans 26 cities operating 22 local editions of
51job Weekly.


About Recruit

Founded in 1963 and privately held, Recruit Co., Ltd. is a leading provider of human resource
services in Japan. Recruit’s services are delivered through multiple platforms including
recruitment advertising magazines, Internet websites and mobile phones. Recruit also provides
information services products in other business areas such as learning, real estate, automobiles
and coupons.


Safe Harbor Statement

Statements in this release regarding 51job, Inc’s future business prospects constitute
“forward-looking” statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
statements are based upon management’s current expectations, and actual results could differ
materially. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ are behavioral and
operational changes of customers in meeting their human resource needs as they respond to evolving
social, economic and political changes in China as well as stock market volatilities; introduction
by its competitors of new or enhanced products or services; price competition in the market for the
various human resource services that the Company provides in China; acceptance of new products and
services developed or introduced by the Company outside of the human resources industry and
fluctuations in general economic conditions. For additional information on these and other factors
that may affect the Company’s financial results, please refer to the Company’s filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. 51job undertakes no obligation to update these statements or
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.