Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    For
Immediate Release: Thursday, November 17, 2009
    Media
Contact: Bill Riggs at (202) 429-4929 (BillRiggs@Rational360.com)
    
    THE
U.S. RENEWABLE ENERGY GROUP AND A-POWER ANNOUNCE PLANS TO BUILD A WIND ENERGY
TURBINE PRODUCTION AND ASSEMBLY PLANT IN THE UNITED STATES
    
    Beijing China – The United
States Renewable Energy Group (US-REG) has signed a cooperation agreement with
A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (NASDAQ: APWR or “A-Power”) under which
both sides commit mutually to cooperate in the development and construction of a
new production and assembly plant in the United States that will supply highly
advanced wind energy turbines to renewable energy projects throughout North and
South America.  The state-of-art facility is expected to be 320,000
square feet and produce 1,100 megawatts of wind energy turbines annually, enough
to power 330,000 homes, and is expected to employ approximately 1,000 American
workers.  In addition, the parties agreed that a minimum of 86% of
each turbine produced at the plant will include components wholly manufactured
in the United States, thus further expanding the number of jobs created in the
United States.
    
    This
signing represents a major milestone in a long process initiated in 2007 during
which A-Power conducted market analysis and sought strategic partners to enter
the U.S. market.  On October 29, 2009, Shenyang Power Group (SPG),
US-REG and Cielo Wind Power announced plans to develop a $1.5 billon, 600MW wind
farm across approximately 36,000 acres in Texas, for which A-Power has been
designated as the turbine supplier. A-Power is a shareholder of
SPG.  The construction of the production and assembly plant in the
United States is an important step in this strategic partnership through which
SPG and A-Power will continue to develop their U.S. business
plans.  As with the construction of the wind farm, the construction of
the assembly and production plant is subject to further due diligence, obtaining
financing and the signing of definitive agreements between the parties, as well
as various government approvals in the United States and China.
    
    “US-REG
and SPG are combining investment, expertise, and resources to bring clean,
reliable, and affordable renewable technologies to the marketplace,” said Ed
Cunningham, US-REG Managing Partner.  “This planned investment will
spur tremendous growth and allow many out of work Americans to re-enter the work
force in the high-paying, renewable energy sector.”
     
    Mr. Jinxiang
Lu, SPG’s CEO and A-Power’s Chairman and CEO, said, “SPG is committed to clean
energy development and we are excited to build our production and assembly plant
in the United States.  We are thrilled to partner with the U.S. Renewable
Energy Group to bring SPG and A-Power wind power resources to the
Americas.”
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
     
    
     
     
    John Lin,
A-Power’s COO, said, “This investment will allow A-Power to efficiently deliver
the good quality wind turbines to the U.S. market.  A-Power sees great
opportunities in renewable energy in America and this new state of the art
facility will be our first major step towards bringing clean, renewable wind
energy to the United States.”
     
    US-REG
(www.US-REG.com) is a
U.S.-based private equity firm that mobilizes and facilitates the participation
of international financing and investment in large-scale renewable energy
projects within the United States.  US-REG’s mission is to integrate
renewable and environmentally sound energy technologies into the American
marketplace, while generating tremendous returns with a range of smart and
strategic investments in clean energy.  US-REG is devoted to
strengthening America’s energy independence, environmental quality, and economic
vitality through investments in utility-scale projects in wind, hydro,
geothermal, solar, and bioenergy.
    
    SPG is a
renewable energy industry alliance based in Shenyang, China.  SPG’s
member companies range from power equipment makers to engineering service
providers, including A-Power.  The alliance was created to integrate
local resources and leverage the manufacturing, engineering and government
initiatives in the Shenyang area so that SPG can pursue large-scale,
international projects in the alternative energy sector.
    
    ###
    
    About
US-REG: The United States Renewable Energy Group mobilizes and facilitates the
participation of international financing and investment in renewable energy
projects within the United States.  By facilitating the expansion and
development of business strategies through managing risks and complexities
associated with foreign financing and investment, USREG provides American
businesses with access to international investment options, fosters economic
development of the U.S.  renewable energy industries and generates new
high paying jobs for Americans.  To learn more about US-REG visit
www.US-REG.com.
    
    About
A-Power
     
     A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (“A-Power”), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German FUHRLÄNDER AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In
March 2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture
partnership with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in
Shenyang. A-Power also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in
Beijing and the China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and
commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information, please
visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
    
    Safe
Harbor Statement  
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,”
“plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; our limited operating history and
recent entrance into new markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our
business and future prospects; the expected benefits of supply and partnership
agreements may not materialize to the extent expected or at all; we have yet to
sign a definitive agreement with respect to the development and construction of
the assembly plant and the wind farm project in Texas, and no assurance can be
given that we will sign such agreements; the establishment of the joint venture,
the JV project under the joint venture agreement between SPG, US-REG and Cielo
Wind, and the development and construction of the assembly plant in the United
States with US-REG is subject to various conditions, including further due
diligence and securing financing from third-parties, which due diligence may not
be completed satisfactorily, or which financing may not be successfully
obtained, and the parties to these agreements may not proceed with establishing
the joint venture or with the JV Project or with the construction of the
assembly plant; the parties may not be able to secure financing for the JV
Project or the construction of the assembly plant; we may not receive required
approvals under various foreign investment laws in the United States to
establish the JV project or the assembly plant in the United States; we started
manufacturing wind turbines in 2009 and our limited history in this sector may
make it difficult to meet delivery schedules under any sales contracts we enter
into with the JV Project, or the transfer of our technology to a plant in the
United States, or schedules to build such a plant to the United States; our
joint venture partners in Europe may not support our development of an assembly
plant in the United States, in which case, we may be limited to using only our
internally developed 1.5MW turbine technology; we may not be able to source
components to manufacturing the wind turbines, resulting in our inability to
deliver the expected amount of units called for by the joint venture agreement;
we may not be able to obtain proper customs approvals for the export from China
and import into the United States of our wind turbines or parts for assembly and
production in the United States; as well as other relevant risks detailed in our
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth
in our annual report filed on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2008. The information set forth herein should be read in light of such risks. We
assume no obligation to update the information contained in this press release,
except as required under applicable law.