acl6k2009agminvex991.htm




    
    
      Exhibit
99.1
       
      
        
      
      Invitation
to the
      Annual
General Meeting of Alcon, Inc.
      
      __________________________
      
      Tuesday,
May 5, 2009, 2:00 p.m. (doors open at 1:00 p.m.)
      Congress
Center Metalli at the Parkhotel Zug, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      Agenda
      
      
      
      
        
            
              
                1.  
              
              
                Approval
      of the 2008 Annual Report and Accounts of Alcon, Inc. and the 2008
      Consolidated Financial Statements of Alcon, Inc. and
      Subsidiaries
              
            
        
      
      
      
        
            
              
                2.  
              
              
                Appropriation
      of Available Earnings and Proposed Dividend to Shareholders for the
      Financial Year 2008
              
            
        
      
      
      
        
            
              
                3.  
              
              
                Discharge
      of the Members of the Board of Directors for the Financial Year
      2008
              
            
        
      
      
      
        
            
              
                4.  
              
              
                Election
      of Group and Parent Company
Auditors
              
            
        
      
      
      
        
            
              
                5.  
              
              
                Election
      of the Special Auditors
              
            
        
      
      
      
        
            
              
                6.  
              
              
                Elections
      to the Board of Directors
              
            
        
      
      
      
        
            
              
                7.  
              
              
                Approval
      of Share Cancellation
              
            
        
      
      
      
        
            
              
                8.  
              
              
                Editorial
      Amendments to the Articles of
Association
              
            
        
      
      
      
      
        
           

        
        
           

           

        
        
           

        
      
      April 1,
2009
      Dear
Shareholder:
      On behalf of our Board of Directors, we
would like to invite you to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Alcon,
Inc. to be held at the Congress Center Metalli, Zug, Switzerland, on Tuesday,
May 5, 2009.  Various items are proposed for approval at the
meeting.  The agenda and related information are set out
below.
      Your vote is important.  If
you are a registered holder, please vote now by proxy so that your shares are
represented at the meeting.  You can vote your shares by marking your
choices on the enclosed proxy card, and then signing, dat­ing and mailing it
in the enclosed envelope or by following the Internet or telephone voting
instructions on the proxy card.  Using any of these methods, you
authorize Alcon, Inc. to vote your shares as you specified.  If you
authorize Alcon, Inc. to vote your shares without giving any instructions, your
shares will be voted in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors
with regard to the items listed on the agenda.  If new proposals
(other than those on the agenda) are being put forth before the meeting, the
Alcon, Inc. representative will vote your shares in accordance with the position
of the Board of Directors.  Proxy forms must be sent to the Company in
the enclosed envelope, arriving no later than April 28, 2009.
      If you are a registered holder, you may
also authorize the inde­pendent representative, Ms. Andrea Hodel,
Attorney-At-Law, Zug, Swit­zerland, with full rights of substitution, to
vote your shares on your behalf.  Ms. Hodel’s address
is:  Industriestrasse 13c, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland.  If you
authorize the independent representative to vote your shares without giving
instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the proposals of the
Board of Directors with regard to the items listed on the agenda.  If
new proposals (other than those on the agenda) are being put forth before the
meeting, the independent representative will abstain from voting your shares
with regards to any such new proposals.  Proxy forms authorizing the
independent representative to vote your shares on your behalf must be sent to
the Company in the enclosed envelope or directly to the independent
representative, arriving no later than April 28, 2009.
      Alternatively, if you are a registered
holder, you may choose to attend the meet­ing and vote in person, or appoint
a proxy of your choice to vote at the meeting for you.  The proxy need
not be a shareholder.  If you choose to attend the meeting in person,
or appoint a proxy to attend on your behalf, your shares can only be voted at
the meeting.  To select one of these options, please complete the
attendance portion of the enclosed proxy card and return it to the
Company in the enclosed envelope, arriving no later than April 28,
2009.
      If you are a beneficial owner, you are
requested to instruct your broker or custodian as to how to vote your shares
using the instruction form provided to you.  You may also instruct
your broker or custodian to authorize the independent representative to vote
your shares.  Alternatively, if you wish to vote in person then you
need to:
      
        
            
              
                a)  
              
              
                obtain
      a power of attorney from your broker or other custodian authorizing you to
      vote the shares held for you by that broker or custodian, and request an
      admission card using the power of attorney;
or
              
            
        
      
      
        
            
              
                b)  
              
              
                become
      a registered holder no later than April 15, 2009, and request an admission
      card by that date.
              
            
        
      
      Each holder wishing to attend the
meeting in person must present his/her admission card before 1:45 p.m. on May 5,
2009, at one of the control offices at the meeting location for
validation.  Doors open at 1:00 p.m.  Registered shareholders who have
appointed Alcon, Inc. or the independent representative as a proxy and
beneficial owners who have not obtained a power of attorney from their broker or
custodian may not attend the meeting in person or send an alternate proxy of
their choice to represent them at the meeting.
      Please note that shareholders who have
sold their shares before the meeting date are not entitled to vote or
participate in the meeting.
      Very
sincerely yours,
      Alcon,
Inc.
      
      /s/ Cary
Rayment                                                              /s/ Elaine
Whitbeck
      Cary
Rayment                                                                   Elaine
Whitbeck, Esq.
      Chairman                                                                        
Corporate Secretary
                                      and General
Counsel
      
        
           

        
        
           

           

        
        
           

        
      
      
      Shareholder
Information
      
      
      Stock
exchange listings
      
      The
shares of Alcon, Inc. are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the
symbol “ACL.”
      
      Registered
office
      
      Alcon,
Inc., Bösch 69, P.O. Box 62, CH-6331
      Hünenberg,
Switzerland
      Telephone
+41-41 785-8888
      
      Further
information
      
      For any
additional information about Alcon, Inc., please contact Alcon Investor
Relations, 6201 South Freeway, MCT7-5, Fort Worth, Texas, 76134-2099, Telephone
(800) 400-8599, E-mail investor.relations@alconlabs.com
or visit our web site at www.alcon.com.
      
      Important
dates
      
      April 23,
2009
      Announcement
of first quarter 2009 earnings
      
      May 5,
2009
      Annual
General Meeting
      
      May 11,
2009
      Record
date for payment of dividend
      
      May
12-15, 2009
      Currency
election period
      
      May 28,
2009
      Payment
of dividend
      
      July 23,
2009
      Announcement
of second quarter 2009 earnings
      
      October
28, 2009
      Announcement
of third quarter 2009 earnings
      
      February
16, 2010
      Announcement
of fourth quarter 2009 earnings
      
      May 20,
2010
      Next
Annual General Meeting
      
      
        
           

        
        
           

           

        
        
           

        
      
      Item
1
      
      Approval
of the 2008 Annual Report and Accounts of Alcon, Inc. and the
      2008
Consolidated Financial Statements of Alcon, Inc. and Subsidiaries
      
      
        
            
              
                A.
              
              
                Proposal
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes that the 2008 Annual Report and Accounts of Alcon, Inc.
and the 2008 Consolidated Financial Statements of Alcon, Inc. and Subsidiaries
be approved.
      
      
        
            
              
                B.
              
              
                Explanations
              
            
        
      
      
      The
Alcon, Inc. 2008 Financial Report containing the Company’s audited consolidated
financial statements with accompanying notes and required Swiss disclosures and
its audited Swiss statutory financial statements prepared in accordance with
Swiss law is available in the Investors & Media section of the Company’s web
site at www.alcon.com.  Copies of this document may be obtained
without charge by contacting Alcon Investor Relations either by phone or in
writing at the address indicated above.  Copies are also available for
physical inspection at the Alcon, Inc. registered office.
      
      
      Item
2
      
      Appropriation
of Available Earnings and Proposed
      Dividend
to Shareholders for the Financial Year 2008
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Proposal
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes that Alcon, Inc. earnings be appropriated, and a dividend
be paid to shareholders, as follows:
      
      Profit
carried forward from the financial year
2007                                                                                     
CHF    2,514,230,980
      
      Loss for
the financial year 2008 as per the income
statement                                                                   CHF       
(43,268,886)
      
      Allocation
to Dividends: CHF 3.95 per
share                                                                                           
CHF    1,207,157,387
      
      Balance
to be carried
forward                                                                                                                       
 CHF    1,263,804,707
      
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Explanations
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes a dividend of CHF 3.95 (approximately USD 3.38 based on
the USD/CHF exchange rate in effect on February 27, 2009) per share for the
financial year 2008.  The dividend, net of Swiss withholding taxes,
will be paid out on May 28, 2009, to all shareholders of record as of May 11,
2009.  Dividend payments will be made in USD converted at the USD/CHF
exchange rate on May 26, 2009, unless shareholders timely elect to receive
dividends in CHF.  The election period will commence May 12, 2009 and
expire on May 15, 2009, at 4:00 p.m. (EDT).  Elections must be sent in
writing to the following address:
      
      BNY
Mellon Shareowner Services
      Attn:  Kerri
Shenkin
      480
Washington Boulevard
      29th
Floor
      Jersey
City, NJ 07310 USA
      Fax
number:  (201) 680-4604
      
      Elections
must be renewed each year.
      
      
        
          
          
        
        
          
          
          
          
        
        
          
          
        
      
      The
CHF 1,207,157,387 allocated to dividends above includes CHF 27,921,353
representing the net additional dividends that would be payable if all vested
stock options and share-settled stock appreciation rights were exercised and
restricted shares and restricted share units vested in 2009 prior to the record
date for the dividend payment after giving effect to repurchases of Alcon, Inc.
shares through the dividend record date of May 11, 2009.  Dividends
associated with stock options and share-settled stock appreciation rights which
are not exercised by the dividend record date and with any shares acquired by
Alcon, Inc. and subsidiaries in 2009 and held in Treasury on the dividend record
date, will be transferred to retained earnings.
      
      
      Item
3
      
      Discharge
of the Members of the Board of Directors for the Financial Year
2008
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Proposal
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes that discharge be granted to the members of the Board of
Directors for the financial year 2008.
      
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Explanations
              
            
        
      
      
      Under
Swiss statutory law, the Board of Directors may seek discharge from the
shareholders upon approval by the shareholders of the annual financial
statements.  If discharge is granted, the corporation and those
shareholders who have voted in favor of discharge cannot assert any claims based
on Swiss corporation law for directors’ liability with respect to matters then
known to the shareholders.  The right to assert liability claims still
exists, however, with respect to matters not known to the shareholders on the
date on which discharge was granted.
      
      
      Item
4
      
      Election
of Group and Parent Company Auditors
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Proposal
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes that KPMG AG, Zug (“KPMG AG”), be elected as Group and
Parent Company Auditors for a one-year term of office.
      
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Explanations
              
            
        
      
      
      KPMG AG
has confirmed its willingness to be appointed as Group and Parent Company
Auditors.  To the extent necessary in connection with a review of the
U.S. GAAP financial statements of Alcon, Inc., KPMG AG will draw on the
expertise and the resources of KPMG LLP, Fort Worth, Texas
(USA).  KPMG LLP will also be retained for the filings to be made by
Alcon, Inc. with the U.S. regulatory authorities.
      
      KPMG AG
has confirmed to the audit committee of the Alcon, Inc. Board of Directors that
it possesses the level of independence required by Swiss statutory law to take
on this role, and KPMG LLP has further confirmed that it satisfies the
requirements in terms of independence imposed by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
      
        
           

        
        
           

           

        
        
           

        
      
      Item
5
      
      Election
of the Special Auditors
      
      
        
            
              
                A.  
              
              
                Proposal
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes that OBT AG, Zürich, be re-elected as Special Auditors for
a one-year term of office.
      
      
        
            
              
                B.  
              
              
                Explanations
              
            
        
      
      
      Article
27 of the Alcon, Inc. Articles of Association allows for appointment of a
special auditing firm to be entrusted with the examinations required under
applicable law in connection with capital increases.  OBT AG has
confirmed its willingness to be reappointed as special auditors.
      
      
      Item
6
      
      Elections
to the Board of Directors
      
      
        
            
              
                 
      A. 
              
              
                Proposal
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes that Kevin Buehler be elected as a new member of the Board
of Directors for a three-year term of office, that Paul Bulcke be re-elected to
the Board of Directors for a three-year term of office, that Joan W. Miller be
elected as a new member of the Board of Directors for a three-year term of
office, and that Hermann Wirz be elected as a new member of the Board of
Directors for a two-year term of office.
      
      
        
            
              
                  B. 
              
              
                Explanations
              
            
        
      
      
      
      Kevin Buehler. Mr. Buehler
was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Alcon, Inc. effective
April 1, 2009.  Mr. Buehler joined Alcon in 1984.  In 1996,
after holding a series of sales management positions with increasing
responsibility in the Consumer Products Division, Mr. Buehler expanded his
experience into the pharmaceutical and surgical business areas, leading the
Company's U.S. Managed Care and Falcon Generic Pharmaceutical
groups.  In 1998 he was promoted to a Vice President position and in
1999, he led the U.S. Consumer Products Division as Vice President and General
Manager. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Buehler was International Area Vice President
with responsibility for the Company's operations in Latin America, Canada,
Australia and the Far East.  From 2004 to 2006, he was Senior Vice
President, Alcon United States.    He served as Senior Vice
President, Alcon United States and Chief Marketing Officer from February 2006
through December 2006.  He served as Senior Vice President, Global
Markets and Chief Marketing Officer of Alcon Laboratories, Inc. from January
2007 through March 2009.
      
      Paul Bulcke. Paul Bulcke
joined the Alcon, Inc. Board in May 2008.  He has served as Chief
Executive Officer of Nestlé S.A. since April 2008. Mr. Bulcke began his
career in 1977 as a financial analyst for Scott Graphics International in
Belgium before moving to the Nestlé group in 1979 as a marketing
trainee.  From 1980 to 1996 he held various marketing, sales and
division functions in Nestlé Peru, Nestlé Ecuador and Nestlé Chile before moving
back to Europe as Managing Director of Nestlé Portugal.  Between 1998
and 2003 he was Managing Director of Nestlé Czech and Slovak Republic, and then
Nestlé Germany.  In 2004, he was appointed as Executive Vice
President, responsible for Zone Americas.  Mr. Bulcke serves as a
director of Nestlé S.A. and Co-Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Cereal
Partners Worldwide.  Mr. Bulcke graduated from the University of
Leuven as a Commercial Engineer and obtained his post graduate in Management at
the University of Gent in Belgium.
      
      Joan W. Miller,
M.D.  Joan W. Miller is proposed to be elected to the board of
directors as a replacement for Gerhard Mayr.  The term of office of
Gerhard N. Mayr expires at the Annual General Meeting 
       
      
        
          
          
        
        
          
          
          
          
        
        
          
          to be
held on May 5, 2009.  Mr. Mayr will retire from office and will not
stand for re-election.  Dr. Miller is proposed to be elected to the
board of directors for a three-year term of office.
      
      
      Dr.
Miller is Chief and Chair of Ophthalmology and Henry Willard Williams Professor
of Ophthalmology at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and Harvard Medical
School.  Dr. Miller’s research interests are focused on ocular
neovascularization, particularly as it relates to macular degeneration and
diabetic retinopathy, including the role of growth factors, the development of
antiangiogenic therapy, and photodynamic therapy.  Dr. Miller has
received numerous awards, including the Rosenthal Award of the Macula Society,
the Retina Research Award from the Club Jules Gonin and the Alcon Research
Institute Award.  Dr. Miller’s professional affiliations include
American Academy of Ophthalmology, Association for Research in Vision and
Ophthalmology, Inc. (ARVO), and the New England Ophthalmological Society
(NEOS).
      
      Hermann Wirz. Hermann
Wirz is proposed to be elected to the board of directors as a replacement for
Paul Polman who resigned from Alcon’s board of directors effective September 6,
2008.  Mr. Polman was a member of the class of directors whose term of
office would expire in 2011.  Mr. Wirz is proposed to be elected to
the board of directors for a two-year term of office.
      
      Mr. Wirz
began his career in 1968 in financial and management accounting for Electrical
Company Lucerne Switzerland.  From 1969 through 1971, he held a
management accounting position for Shell Switzerland.  He joined
Nestlé in 1972 and worked in industrial accounting and budgeting functions for
Nestlé England, Spain and Venezuela.  He subsequently was appointed
Manager Operational Control Latin America for Nestec Switzerland in 1980 and in
1984 was promoted to Director of Finance & Control for Nestlé Peru, and for
Nestlé Venezuela in 1989.  Mr. Wirz was appointed Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Nestlé Mexico in 1995 and served in
that position through 2000.  In 2001, he was appointed Chief
Accounting Officer (Senior Vice President as Head of Group Accounting &
Reporting) for Nestlé S.A., Switzerland.  He was a member of the Swiss
Chamber of Commerce in Peru, Venezuela and Mexico and also a member of the
Admission Board of the Swiss Stock Exchange.  He achieved his degree
in Business Administration from Lucerne, Switzerland, and has completed the
Programme for Executive Development at the International Institute for
Management Development (IMD) in Lausanne, Switzerland.
      
      
      Item
7
      
      Approval
of Share Cancellation
      
      
      
        
            
              
                 
      A. 
              
              
                Proposal
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes that 1,043,400 shares, at CHF 0.20 par value per share,
which have been repurchased by Alcon, Inc. be cancelled and that, as a result,
the share capital of Alcon, Inc. be reduced from 60,944,541.20 to CHF
60,735,861.20.
      
      Article 4
para. 1 of the Alcon, Inc. Articles of Association shall be amended
accordingly.
      
      
        
            
              
                 
      B. 
              
              
                Explanations
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company from time to
time. The repurchased shares may be held in treasury and reused at a later date
or, alternatively, may be cancelled.
      
      The Board
of Directors now proposes that the Annual General Meeting approve the
cancellation of 1,043,400 repurchased shares and that the share capital in
Article 4 para. 1 of the Alcon, Inc. Articles of Association be reduced
accordingly.
      
      KPMG AG
as statutory auditors have confirmed in a special audit report prepared for the
Annual General Meeting that, as of March 31, 2009, the claims of creditors would
be covered even with the proposed reduction in capital.
      
      
      
        
          
          
        
        
          
          
          
          
        
        
          
          
        
      
      Item
8
      
      Editorial
Amendments to the Articles of Association
      
      
      
        
            
              
                 
      A.
              
              
                Proposal
              
            
        
      
      
      The Board
of Directors proposes to amend articles 9, 17 lit. b), 18 lit. j), 27 para. 1
and 3 as well as heading C) of the Articles of Association as follows (proposed
changes are marked):
      
      
        
            
              
                Artikel
      9 Ordentliche Generalversammlungen
              
               
      
              
                Article
      9 Ordinary Shareholders' Meetings
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                Die
      ordentliche Generalversammlung findet alljährlich innerhalb von sechs
      Monaten nach Schluss des Geschäftsjahres statt; spätestens zwanzig Tage
      vor der Versammlung sind der Geschäftsbericht und der Revisionsbericht
      mit dem
      Bericht der Konzernprüfer den Aktionären am Gesellschaftssitz zur
      Einsicht aufzulegen. Jeder Aktionär kann verlangen, dass ihm unverzüglich
      eine Ausfertigung dieser Unterlagen ohne Kostenfolge zugestellt wird. Die
      im Aktienbuch eingetragenen Aktionäre werden hierüber durch schriftliche
      Mitteilung unterrichtet.
              
               
      
              
                The
      Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting shall be held each year within six months
      after the close of the fiscal year of the Company; the business report and
      the Auditor's report, together with the
      group auditor's report, shall be made available for inspection by
      the shareholders at the place of incorporation of the Company no later
      than twenty days prior to the meeting. Each shareholder is entitled to
      request immediate delivery of a copy of these documents free of charge.
      Shareholders of record will be notified of this in
  writing.
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                Artikel 17 Befugnisse der
      Generalversammlung
              
               
      
              
                Article
      17 Specific Powers of the Shareholders' Meeting
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                b)die
      Wahl der Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates, der Revisionsstelle, des
      Konzernprüfers und der besonderen Revisionsstelle;
              
               
      
              
                b)election
      of the members of the Board of Directors, the Auditors, the Group
      Auditors and the special auditors;
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                Artikel 18 Besonderes
      Quorum
              
               
      
              
                Article
      18 Special Quorum
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                j)die
      Auflösung der Gesellschaft ohne
      Liquidation;
              
               
      
              
                j)the
      dissolution of the Company without
      liquidation;
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                C.
      Revisionsstelle,
      Konzernprüfer und Spezialrevisionsstelle
              
               
      
              
                C.
      Auditors,
      Group Auditors and Special Auditors
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                Artikel
      27 Amtsdauer, Befugnisse und Pflichten
              
               
      
              
                Article
      27 Term, Powers and Duties
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                1
      Der Revisionsstelle und dem
      Konzernprüfer, die beide von
      der Generalversammlung gewählt werden wird, obliegen die
      ihnen
      ihr vom
      Gesetz zugewiesenen Befugnisse und Pflichten. Dieselbe Person
      kann Revisionsstelle und Konzernprüfer sein.
              
               
      
              
                1
      The Auditors and the Group
      Auditors, both of
      which shall be elected by the Shareholders' Meeting, shall have the powers
      and duties vested in them by law. The duties of
      Auditors and Group Auditors may be performed by the same
      person.
              
            
            
               
      
               
      
               
      
            
            
              
                3
      Amtsdauer der Revisionsstelle, des
      Konzernprüfers und gegebenenfalls der besonderen Revisionsstelle
      beträgt ein Jahr. Sie beginnt mit dem Tag ihrer Wahl und endet mit der
      ersten darauffolgenden ordentlichen
    Generalversamm­lung.
              
               
      
              
                3
      The term of office of the Auditors, the Group
      Auditors and (if appointed) the special auditors shall be one year.
      The term of office shall commence on the day of election, and shall
      terminate on the first Annual Shareholders' Meeting following their
      election.
              
            
        
      
      
      
      
        
          
          
        
        
          
          
          
          
        
        
          
          
        
      
      
        
            
              
                 
      B.
              
              
                Explanations
              
            
        
      
      
      Since
January 1, 2008, the Swiss Code of Obligations requires a qualified majority for
decisions on any kind of dissolution of a Swiss
corporation.  Accordingly, the Board of Directors proposes to adopt
Article 18 lit. j of the Articles of Association.  Article 727 et seq. of the Swiss Code of
Obligations do no longer provide for the designation "group auditors" (Konzernprüfer), but refer to
"auditors" (Revisionsstelle) for auditors
who audit the statutory financial statements as well as the consolidated
financial statements.  Accordingly, the Board of Directors proposes to
delete the reference to "Group Auditors" (Konzernprüfer) in the
Articles of Association.
      
      Organizational
Matters
      
      Admission
cards/Voting material
      Shareholders who are registered in
the share register on March 19,
2009, will receive the proxy and admission form (including the voting
material) directly from the share registrar of the
Company.  Beneficial owners of shares will receive an instruction form
from their broker or custodian to indicate how they wish their shares to be
voted.  Beneficial owners who wish to attend the shareholders’ meeting
in person are requested to obtain a power of attorney from their broker or other
custodian that authorizes them to vote the shares held for them by the broker or
custodian, and to request an admission card using the power of
attorney.
      Beneficial owners of shares and
shareholders registered in the share register as of March 19, 2009, are
enti­tled to vote and may participate in the shareholders’ meet­ing unless they sell
their shares before the shareholders’ meeting takes
place.  Each share carries one vote.
      Persons who have acquired shares after March
19, 2009, but on or before April 15, 2009, will receive
the proxy and admission form (including the voting material) shortly before the
meeting.  Shareholders who have acquired shares after that date may
not attend the Annual General Meeting of Alcon, Inc.  Shareholders who
have sold their shares
before the meeting date are not entitled to vote or participate in the
meeting.
       
      Granting
of powers of attorney
      Registered shareholders who are
unable to participate in the shareholders’ meeting may appoint as a
representative another shareholder, a third party, their bank or a corporate
proxy holder.  Ms. Andrea Hodel, Attorney-at-Law, Industriestrasse
13c, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland, is also avail­able as
an independent representative, with full rights of substitution, in the sense of
article 689c of the Swiss Code of Ob­ligations.
      The power of attorney on the
application form must be filled in accordingly, signed and returned to the
address indicated below or to the independent representative arriving no later
than April 28, 2009.  Powers of attorney are revocable, but Alcon,
Inc. will treat any power of attorney as being valid unless the revocation has
been sent in writing to Alcon, Inc. at the address referred to
below.
      Alcon, Inc.
      c/o BNY Mellon Shareowner
Services
      P.O. Box 3531
      S.
Hackensack,  NJ  07606-9231
      
      Registered shareholders who have
appointed Alcon, Inc. or the independent representative as a proxy may not
attend the meeting in person or send a proxy of their choice to the
meeting.
      With regard to the items listed on
the agenda and without any explicit instructions to the contrary, the corporate
proxy holder and independent representative will vote according to the proposals
of the Board of Directors.  If new proposals (other than those on the
agenda) are being put forth before the meeting, the corporate proxy holder will
vote in accordance with the position of the Board of Directors and the
independent representative will abstain from voting regarding new
proposals.  Shareholders who sign and return their power of attorney
without indi­cating a representative will be represented by the corporate
proxy holder.
       
       
      
        
          
          
        
        
          
          
          
          
        
        
          
          
        
      
                 
Beneficial owners who have not obtained a power of attorney from their broker or
custodian are not entitled to attend or participate in the meeting.
       
      Proxy
holders of deposited shares
      Proxy holders of deposited shares in
accordance with article 689d of the Swiss Code of Obligations are kindly asked
to inform the Company of the number of the shares they rep­resent as soon as
possible, but no later than May 5, 2009, 1:00 p.m. at the admis­sion
office.
       
      Admission
office
      The admission office opens on the
day of the shareholders’
meeting at 1:00 p.m.  Share­holders are kindly asked to present
their admission cards at the entrance.
      April 1,
2009