acl0309plnchangesex995.htm




    
    Exhibit
99.5
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    ALCON
EXCESS 401(k) PLAN
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    EFFECTIVE
JANUARY 1, 2008
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    I.           Name
and Purpose
    The name
of the plan is the Alcon Excess 401(k) Plan (the “Plan”).  Its purpose
is to provide certain individuals with benefits attributable to contributions,
which would have been made to the Alcon 401(k) Retirement Plan but for
limitations imposed by the Code regarding the compensation that can be
considered in making contributions on behalf of an employee.  This
program has been adopted in recognition of these limits to restore the benefits
that would have otherwise been available without such
restrictions.  This Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan maintained
primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group
of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Title I of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
(“ERISA”).
    II.           Effective
Date
    This amended and restated plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2008.  The Plan was originally effective as
of January 1, 2004.
    III.           Definitions
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              Account means the
      balance credited to a Participant’s Excess Contribution
      Account.  The Account shall not constitute or be treated as an
      escrow, trust fund, or any other type of funded account for Code or ERISA
      purposes and, moreover, contingent amounts credited thereto shall not be
      considered “plan assets” for ERISA
      purposes.  The Account merely provides a record of the
      bookkeeping entries relating to the contingent benefits the Sponsor
      intends to provide the Participant and shall thus reflect a mere unsecured
      promise to pay amounts in the
future.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              B.
            
            
              Affiliate means a member
      of a controlled group of corporations (defined in Code Section 414(b)),
      trades of business (whether or not incorporated) which are under common
      control (defined in Code Section 414(c)) or an affiliated service group
      (defined in Code Section 414(m) or in Code Section 414(c)) which includes Alcon Holdings Inc. using an at
      least 80% control or ownership threshold.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              C.
            
            
              Alcon 401(k) Retirement
      Plan means the Alcon 401(k) Retirement Plan and Trust, Restated
      Effective January 1, 1997, or any other successor plan(s) maintained by
      the Company that qualifies under Section 401(a) of the Code, and satisfies
      the requirements thereof.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              D.
            
            
              Allocation Form means
      the form completed by the Participant and delivered to the Committee which
      indicated the Participant’s choice of the Investment Alternatives as
      described in Section
      VI.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              E.
            
            
              Arrangement shall mean the individual agreement between the
      Company and the Participant.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              F.
            
            
              Beneficiary means any
      person or persons so designated in accordance with the provisions of Section
      VIII.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              G.
            
            
              Board of Directors means
      the board of directors of Alcon Holdings
Inc.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              H.
            
            
              Code means the Internal
      Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and other authority
      issued thereunder by the appropriate governmental
      authority.  References to the Code shall include references to
      any successor section or provision of the
Code.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              I.
            
            
              Committee means the
      Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Alcon Holdings Inc.
      or any other persons appointed by the Board of Directors to administer the
      Plan and to perform the functions set forth
  herein.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              J.
            
            
              Company means Alcon
      Holdings Inc. and each Participating Employer except as otherwise provided
      in Section
      VI.E.2.c. of the Plan.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              K.
            
            
              Compensation means (i)
      base salary earned by a Participant on a periodic basis throughout the
      Plan Year, and (ii) cash bonuses paid to a Participant during a Plan
      Year.  For purposes of this Plan, Compensation shall also
      include amounts which would otherwise meet the definition hereunder but
      for the voluntary deferral of such amounts pursuant to the Alcon 401(k)
      Retirement Plan or the Alcon Executive Deferred Compensation Plan,
      effective October 25, 2002, as may be amended from time to
      time.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              L.
            
            
              Designated
      Beneficiary shall mean the person
      designated by the Participant to receive his/her benefit upon the
      Participant’s death under this Plan on the form specified by the
      Company.  In the event the Participant does not complete a
      beneficiary designation form, it shall mean the Participant’s surviving
      spouse, if the Participant is married.  In the event no
      beneficiary is designated on the specified form and the Participant is not
      married on the date of his/her death, the Participant’s benefit shall be
      paid to the Participant’s Estate and it shall be the Designated
      Beneficiary.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              M.
            
            
              Disability means if the Participant is unable to engage in
      any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable
      physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or
      can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
      (12) months; or if the Participant is, by reason of any medically
      determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result
      in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less
      than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a
      period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan
      covering employees of the Participant’s employer; or a Participant will be
      deemed disabled if the Participant is determined to be totally disabled by
      the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement
      Board.  A Participant may be determined to be disabled by a
      disability insurance program, provided the definition of disability used
      by such disability insurance program complies with Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(i)(4).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              N.
            
            
              Discretionary
      Contribution means the amount contributed by the Company to a
      Participant’s Account pursuant to Section VI of the
      Plan.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              O.
            
            
              Distribution Event means
      the date of termination of service of the Participant with the Company for
      any reason, including death, upon which payment of the Participant’s
      Account shall be deemed triggered for subsequent distribution, pursuant to
      Section VII.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              P.
            
            
              Domestic Relations
      Order shall mean any judgment,
      decree, or order (including approval of a property settlement agreement)
      which (i) relates to the provision of child support, alimony payments, or
      marital property rights to a spouse, former spouse, child or other
      dependent of a Participant, and (2) is made pursuant to a State domestic
      relations law (including a community property
  law).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              Q.
            
            
              Eligible Individual
      means each employee of the Company selected for participation in this Plan
      pursuant to Section
      IV of the Plan.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              R.
            
            
              Excess Contribution
      Account means the sum of (i)  the amounts credited on
      behalf of a Participant under the terms of this Plan; and (ii) additional
      amounts credited/debited to the Participant’s Excess Contribution Account
      as a result of the Participant’s selection of Investment Alternatives in
      accordance with Section
      VI, less (iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or
      her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan from the Participant’s Excess
      Contribution Account, including any applicable penalties imposed pursuant
      to Section
      VIII.C.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              S.
            
            
              Excess Contribution
      Amount means an amount which would have been credited on behalf of
      the Participant to the Alcon 401(k) Retirement Plan, but for the
      limitations imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, as may be modified
      from time to time.  Such amount shall be determined by
      multiplying the Participant’s Compensation in excess of the Compensation
      Limit as defined in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, by twelve percent
      (12%); such amounts shall be credited to Excess Contribution Account
      pursuant to Section
      VI.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              T.
            
            
              Investment Alternatives
      means those Investment Alternatives chosen from time to time by the
      Committee, as described in Section VI, and provided
      on an annual basis by the Company to the Participants.  Such
      Investment Alternatives will allow individual Participants to
      hypothetically invest the balance of his or her Account during each Plan
      Year, among Investment Alternatives selected by the Participant, and shall
      determine the rate of appreciation (or depreciation) attributable to the
      balance of such Participant’s Account for that Plan
  Year.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              U.
            
            
              NQDC Plan shall mean any agreement, method or arrangement,
      including one of the above that applies to one person or
      individual.  An agreement, method or arrangement may be a plan
      for this purpose even if it is not an employee benefit plan under section
      3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
      amended.  A NQDC Plan includes all arrangements that are
      recognized in the final regulations issued under Code section 409A as a
      separate category or type of plan that must be aggregated as a separate
      type of NQDC Plan in the same manner as such plans are aggregated under
      Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c) and any successor
      thereto.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              V.
            
            
              Participant means an
      employee who is both eligible to participate in the Plan under the terms
      of Section IV and
      has elected to participate in the
Plan.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              W.
            
            
              Participating Employer
      means Alcon Laboratories, Inc., Alcon Research, Ltd., Alcon Manufacturing,
      Ltd. and Falcon Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. or any other corporation or business
      organization which adopts the Plan, with the consent of
      Sponsor.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              X.
            
            
              Plan Year means the
      twelve (12) month period ending on the December 31st
      of each year during which the Plan is in effect, provided that the first
      Plan Year shall commence on the original
      Effective Date and end on December 31,
  2004.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              Y.
            
            
              Separation from
      Service shall mean
      for:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              1.
            
            
              a Participant acting as an independent contractor
      with respect to the Company the date upon which the Participant’s contract
      under which the Participant provides services to the Company expires (or
      if there is more than one contract, the date when all of Participant’s
      contracts with the Company expire) provided such expiration of the
      Contract(s) is a good fact and complete termination of the contractual
      relationship.  An expiration is not a good faith Separation from
      Service if the Company anticipates renewal of the relationship or contract
      or the independent contractor becomes an employee.  Renewal is
      anticipated if neither the Company nor the Participant has eliminated the
      Participant as a potential service provider to the Company.  The
      Participant will be considered to be intended to contract with the Company
      again if the Company’s contracting is conditioned only on incurring a need
      for the services or the availability of funds or
      both.  Furthermore, a Participant who was an independent
      contractor with respect to the Company shall not be deemed to have
      Separated from Service until the later of the date that is twelve (12)
      months and one (1) day after the date the Participant’s last contract with
      the Company expired and provided that no amount will be payable to the
      Participant if during such period the Participant provided services to the
      Company as an independent contractor or an employee.  Treasury
      Regulation § 1.409A-1(h)(2).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              2.
            
            
              a Participant who is an employee of the Company
      shall be Separated from Service with the Company if the employee dies,
      retires or otherwise terminates employment with the
      Company.  Notwithstanding the above, a Participant is considered
      to be continuing to be an employee while the Participant is on military
      leave, sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence if the duration of
      such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, the duration of
      the leave continues as long as the individual’s rights to reemployment
      with the Company is provided either by statute or contract.  A
      leave of absence is bona fide only if there is a reasonable expectation
      that the employee will return to perform services for the
      Company.  If the leave exceeds six (6) months and the
      Participant does not retain reemployment rights under a contract or a
      statute, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first
      date after such six (6) month period.  Notwithstanding the
      above, where a leave of absence is due to a medically determinable
      physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or
      last for a continuous period of not less than six (6) months, and causes
      the Participant to be unable to perform the duties of his position or a
      substantially similar position, the leave duration may be expanded to
      twenty-nine (29) months instead of six (6) months.  The
      termination of a Participant’s employment is determined by the Company
      based upon the facts and
  circumstances.  
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
            
              If a Participant continues to perform services
      (whether as an employee or independent contractor), but the Company and
      the Participant reasonably anticipated (1) the Participant would not
      provide further services after a certain date, or (2) that the level of
      bona fide service provided to the Company would permanently decrease to
      below 50% of the average level of bona fide services performed over the
      immediately preceding 36 months (whether as an employee or independent
      contractor) (or over the full period if the employee had not completed 36
      months of service), the Participant will be treated as Separated from
      Service.  For this purpose, services will be at an annual rate
      that is less than 50 percent of the services rendered on the average
      (whether as an employee or independent contractor), during the immediately
      preceding 36 months of employment (or, if employed a lesser period, for
      such lesser period) and the annual remuneration for such services is less
      than 50 percent of the average annual remuneration earned by the
      Participant during the most recent 36 months of employment (or, if
      employed for a lesser period, such lesser
      period).  
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
            
              If the Participant was an employee and continues
      to provide services after termination of employment as an independent
      contractor, a Separation from Service will not be deemed to occur if the
      Participant provides services at an annual rate that is 50 percent or more
      of the services rendered on the average during the immediately preceding
      36 months of employment (or, if employed for a lesser period, over such
      lesser period) and the annual compensation for such services is 50 percent
      or more of the annual compensation earned during the most recent 36 months
      of employment (or, if employed for a lesser period, such lesser
      period).  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-1(h)(1).  
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
            
              For purposes of determining whether a Separation
      from Service has occurred in any Plan Year, if the Participants works at
      any entity included as an Affiliate of the Company, with such
      determination made using an at least 50% ownership or control test in
      place of the “at least 80%” test, such services shall be included as
      services provided to the
Company.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              Z.
            
            
              Similar
      Arrangements shall mean such other
      arrangements providing nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code
      section 409A which, in the event of a violation of such section’s
      requirements, would be grouped as a plan as such term is defined in
      Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-1(c).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              AA.
            
            
              Specified Employee shall mean any Participant determined to be a
      Specified Employee for the Plan Year in which such individual incurs a
      Separation from Service, with such determination made in accordance with
      the Policy Regarding Determination of Specified Employees for Nonqualified
      Deferred Compensation Plans of Alcon Holdings
  Inc.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              BB.
            
            
              Sponsor means Alcon
      Holdings Inc. and its successors and
assigns.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              CC.
            
            
              Trust means the grantor
      trust established pursuant to the Plan.  Such trust shall be located in the
      United States of America.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              DD.
            
            
              Trustee means the
      trustee named in the agreement establishing the Trust and such successor
      and/or additional trustees as may be named pursuant to the terms of the
      agreement establishing the Trust.
            
          
      
    
    IV.           Eligibility
    An
employee of the Company shall be eligible to participate in the Plan if the
employee is approved to participate in the Plan by the Committee.  An
employee shall become a Participant under the Plan upon the timely filing of a
statement indicating his or her willingness to be a participant in this Plan and
an Allocation Form, as described in Section VI.
    V.           Administration
of the Plan
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              The
      Plan shall be administered by the Committee which shall hold meetings at
      such times as may be necessary for the proper administration of the
      Plan.  The Committee shall have the sole discretion to interpret
      the provisions of the Plan.  Neither the Committee nor any
      members of the board of directors of any Alcon Affiliated Company shall be
      liable to any person for any action taken or omitted in connection with
      the administration or interpretation of the
  Plan.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              B.
            
            
              Subject
      to the limitations herein set forth, the Committee shall establish from
      time to time the rules or regulations for the administration of the Plan
      and the transaction of its business, provided that no such rule or
      regulation shall be contrary to the specific provisions of the Plan or section 409A of the Code or the regulations or
      guidance issued thereunder.  The
      Committee has full discretion to interpret the Plan, to determine whether
      a claimant is eligible for benefits; to decide the amount of benefits; and
      to resolve any other matter under the Plan which is raised by a claimant
      or identified by the Committee.  The Committee shall determine
      all questions arising from or in connection with the provisions of the
      Plan and its administration, and any determination so made shall be final,
      conclusive and binding upon all persons affected
  thereby.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              C.
            
            
              Communications
      to the Committee shall be addressed to the Chairman of the Committee, 6201
      South Freeway, Fort Worth, Texas 76134.  The Secretary of the
      Committee is hereby designated as agent for service of legal process with
      respect to any claims arising under the
Plan.
            
          
      
    
    VI.           Excess
Contribution Account
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              Investment
      Alternatives
            
          
      
    
    The
Investment Alternatives available for the Participant’s Account will be selected
by the Committee, in its sole discretion, provided to the Participant by the
Committee.  Such Investment Alternatives will allow individual
Participants to elect prospectively to
hypothetically invest the balance of their Account during each Plan Year
and shall determine the rate of appreciation (or depreciation) which shall be
credited on the balance of such Account.  Allocation among the
Investment Alternatives shall be in increments of whole
percentages.  A Participant shall have no actual ownership rights in
any assets of the Company or the Trust as a result of such Participant’s
selection of Investment Alternatives.  Moreover, the Company and/or
Trust shall have no obligation to invest actual assets in accordance with the
Participant’s selection of Investments.
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              B.
            
            
              Reallocation Among Investment
      Alternatives
            
          
      
    
    A
Participant may choose to reallocate the deemed investment of the amounts
credited to such Participant’s Account among the Investment Alternatives in
increments of whole percentages.  Such reallocation shall be achieved
by submitting an Investment Alternative Change Form to the Committee pursuant to
the procedures established by the Committee.
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              C.
            
            
              Periodic Credits of
      Amounts
            
          
      
    
    The
Participant’s Excess Contribution Account shall be credited with the amount of
the Excess Contribution Amount on the day on which such Excess Contribution
Amount would have otherwise been contributed on behalf of the Participant under
the Alcon 401(k) Retirement Plan.  All periodic credits to a
Participant’s Excess Contribution Account shall be accounted for based on the
Investment Alternatives selected by the Participant on the Allocation Form or
Investment Alternative Change Form.  In addition, the Committee, in
its sole discretion, may from time to time make Discretionary Contributions to a
Participant’s Account.
    
      
        
          ALCON
EXCESS 401(k) PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              D.
            
            
              Increase or Decrease to
      Account
            
          
      
    
    A
Participant’s Excess Contribution Account will be increased or decreased on the
last day of each month, in accordance with the Participant’s Investment
Alternative election reflected on his or her Allocation Form or Investment
Alternative Change Form.
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              E.
            
            
              Vesting in the Excess
      Contribution Account
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
              1.  
            
            
              The
      Participant shall be vested in the Excess Contribution Account according
      to the following schedule based on the Participant’s Years of Service
      (“YOS”) as defined under the 401(k)
Plan:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
              If the Participant has ...
            
            
              Then the vested percentage shall be
      ...
            
          
          
            
              Less
      than 2 YOS
            
            
              0%
            
          
          
            
              2
      or more YOS but less than 3
            
            
              20%
            
          
          
            
              3
      or more YOS-but less than 4
            
            
              40%
            
          
          
            
              4
      or more YOS but less than 5
            
            
              70%
            
          
          
            
              5
      or more YOS
            
            
              70%
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
              2.  
            
            
              In
      addition, a Participant’s vested percentage shall be one hundred percent
      (100%) if:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              a.
            
            
              Such
      Participant while an Employee-
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              Attains
      age 55;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              Dies;
      or
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              Suffers
      a Disability.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              b.
            
            
              Such
      Participant Separates from Service as a result of the
      closing of the business unit or facility by which he is employed, provided
      that he/she continues in the employ of such business unit or facility
      until such date as his/her Participating Employer releases him/her from
      employment; or
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              c.
            
            
              A
      Change-of-Control occurs while the Participant is an
      Employee.  Change-of-Control means the happening of any of the
      following:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              any
      “person” including a “group” (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and
      14(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
      “Exchange Act”)), but excluding (i) the Company, (ii) any entity
      controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company
      including Nestlé S.A. (Nestlé), (iii) any employee benefit plan of the
      Company or any such entity, (iv) any entity or group acting to facilitate
      any initial public offering of the Shares and, (v) with respect to any
      particular Participant, the Participant and any “group” (as such term is
      used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of which such Participant is
      a member, and (vi) any acquisition of securities directly from the Company
      is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under
      the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
      representing 50% or more of either (i) the combined voting power of the
      Company’s then outstanding securities, or (ii) the then
      outstanding Shares; or
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              the
      consummation of any consolidation or merger of the Company or subsidiary
      where the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the
      consolidation or merger, do not, immediately after the consolidation or
      merger, beneficially own (as such term is used in Rule 13(d)(3) under the
      Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, securities representing in the
      aggregate 51% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding
      voting securities of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the
      consolidation or merger (or its ultimate parent corporation, if any),
      except any such transaction with Nestlé or any entity controlled by
      Nestlé; or
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              any
      sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or in a series
      of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as a single plan) of
      all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than the sale
      or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s
      assets either (i) to an entity, at least 51% of the combined voting power
      of the voting securities of which are beneficially owned by shareholders
      in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company
      immediately prior to such sale, or (ii) to Nestlé or
      to an entity controlled by Nestlé,
or
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iv)
            
            
              during
      any period of two consecutive years commencing on or after January 1,
      2002, individuals who, at the beginning of the period, constituted the
      Board of Directors (together with any new directors whose election by such
      Board or whose nomination for election by the stockholders of the Company
      was approved by a majority of the directors then still in office who were
      either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or
      nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason
      to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors then in
      office.
            
          
      
    
    Solely
for purposes of this definition the following terms have the meanings set forth
below:
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              “Board
      of Directors” means, the Board of Directors of Alcon,
  Inc.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              “Company”
      means, Alcon, Inc., the parent Company of Alcon Holdings Inc., a
      corporation organized in Switzerland, and who shares are traded on the New
      York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol ACL, and its subsidiaries,
      successors and assigns.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              “Shares”
      means the registered outstanding common stock of Alcon, Inc., CHF 0.20 par
      value per share.
            
          
      
    
    VII.           Method
of Distribution
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              In
    General
            
          
      
    
    Distribution
of a Participant’s Account Balance will
occur upon the Participant reaching a
Distribution Event, and the method of payment
shall be a lump sum payment; provided, however, that a Participant may elect
when initially eligible to participate, under Section VII.D. below, to
receive payment in the form of equal annual
installments over a predetermined number of years, selected by the
Participant in such election.  Any
installment election shall be made: (i) with respect to Participants in the Plan
as of December 1, 2007, no later than December 31, 2007; and (ii) with respect
to any Participant who becomes eligible to participate after December 1, 2007,
upon an initial enrollment form which shall be submitted along with the
statement indicating his or her willingness to be a participant in the Plan as a
condition to Plan participation in accordance with Section IV of the Plan.

    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              B.
            
            
              Installment
      Payments
            
          
      
    
    If annual
installments are elected by a Participant
with his initial election, the initial installment shall be based on the
value of the Participant’s Account, measured just prior to distribution, and
shall be equal to l/n (where “n” is equal to the total
number of annual installments not yet distributed).  Subsequent installments shall be computed in a consistent
fashion, with the measurement date being the anniversary of the original
measurement date.
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              C.
            
            
              Timing of Payments for Persons Who Are Not Specified Employees Who
      Separated From Service  Lump sum distributions shall be paid by the
      Company on or about April 1 of the
      calendar year following the year in which the Distribution Event
      occurs.  Annual installments will commence on the payday coinciding with or
      next following the April 1 in the calendar
      year subsequent to the
      Participant’s Distribution Event and continuing on each April thereafter until all annual installments
      have been paid.
            
          
      
    
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              D.
            
            
              Initial Eligibility Election of
      Form and Time of Payment of
Benefit
            
          
      
    
    A Participant may file his election of the form and time
of payment of his benefit selecting among the forms in Article VII above within
30 days of the date on which the Participant initially became eligible to
participate in any non-elective deferral account balance plan maintained by the
Company or any Affiliate, with the type of account determined under Treasury
Regulation § 1.409A-1(c).
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              E.
            
            
              Specified Employee Payment
      Delay
            
          
      
    
    In the event a Participant is a Specified Employee for
the Plan Year in which he incurs a Separation from Service, all provisions
regarding timing of payment in Article VII.A., B and C
shall be overridden by this Article VII.E. and such
Specified Employee shall not receive any benefit payment for six months and two
days following Separation from Service.  Lump sums will be paid on the
date that is six months and two days after Separation from
Service.  Installment Payments under Section VII.B. shall be
delayed and commence on the date that is six months and two days following
Separation from Service. In the event the first payment shall include all payments that would
have been paid following Separation from Service if the delay provided in this
Article VII.E. had not been in effect.
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              F.
            
            
              Change in Distribution Date or
      Form.  Any such election to
      delay or change the form, time or schedule of payments may not take effect
      for at least 12 months after the date on which the election is
      made.  Any election to defer a payment upon a specified date or
      specified time or upon a Separation from Service provided hereunder must
      be made and provided to the Company more than one (1) year before such
      payment becomes payable.  For any election to defer a payment
      for a payment upon a Separation from Service or upon a
      specified  time and not for a payment on account of Disability,
      death of a Participant, or an Unforeseeable Emergency (i.e., for a payment
      on Separation from Service or a payment on a specified date), the
      subsequent election must defer the payment for not less than 5 years from
      the date such payment would have otherwise been paid and any amount to be
      paid as an annuity shall be treated as a single payment payable on the
      date the first amount would have been paid.  The subsequent
      election related to the time or form of payment must be made not less than
      12 months before the date the payment is scheduled to be paid or the date
      of the first payment.
            
          
      
    
    VIII.                      Change
in Distribution Schedule
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              Death of Participant –
      In the event of the death of a Participant before distribution of the
      Participant’s Account balance has commenced or been completed, the Trustee
      shall pay the remaining balance of any Account in one lump sum, to the
      individual designated as primary beneficiary on the latest executed Notice
      of Change of Beneficiary form on file, one hundred (100) days after the
      date of the Participant’s death, provided
      the Committee receives proof of death within sixty (60) days of the date
      of death.  If
      the primary beneficiary designated on the latest executed Notice of Change
      of Beneficiary form is no longer living at the time of the Participant’s
      death, the Trustee shall pay the remaining Account balance in one lump sum
      to the individual designated as secondary beneficiary on the latest
      executed Notice of Change of Beneficiary form on file.  If the
      Secondary Beneficiary designated on the latest executed Notice of Change
      of Beneficiary form is no longer living at the time of the Participant’s
      death, the Trustee shall pay the remaining balance of any Account in one
      lump sum to the Participant’s
estate.
            
          
      
    
    If the
Participant wishes to change the beneficiary, the Participant may do so at any
time by submitting a new Notice of Change of Beneficiary form to the Committee,
which form shall become effective upon receipt by the Committee.
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              B.
            
            
              Distribution on Account of
      Unforeseeable Emergency – A
      Participant may apply to the Committee to receive a distribution from his
      Account (hereinafter called a “Hardship Withdrawal”), which the Committee
      may approve in its sole discretion if it determines that the Participant
      has an unforeseeable emergency as hereinafter defined.  No
      Hardship Withdrawal shall be in an amount greater than the lesser of (i)
      the amount needed to satisfy such emergency plus amounts necessary to pay
      taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, and (ii) the
      balance of the Participant’s Accounts on the date of such Hardship
      Withdrawal.  An unforeseeable emergency is defined as a severe
      financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or
      accident of the Participant, the Participant’s spouse, or of a dependent
      (as defined in Code Section 152(a) determined without regard to Code
      subsections 152(b)(1) or (2) or (d)(1)(B)), or of the Participant’s
      designated beneficiary, loss of the Participant’s property due to
      casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances
      arising as a result of events beyond the control of the
      Participant.  The Participant’s need to pay medical expenses,
      including non-refundable deductibles, as well as for the costs of
      prescription medications may constitute an unforeseeable
      emergency.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
            
              A distribution on account of unforeseeable
      emergency may not be made to the extent that such emergency is or may be
      relieved through reimbursement or compensation from insurance or
      otherwise, or by liquidation of the Participant’s assets, to the extent
      the liquidation of such assets would not cause severe financial
      hardship.  Distributions because of unforeseeable emergency must
      be limited to the amount reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency
      need, which may include amounts necessary to pay any federal, state or
      local income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated from the
      distribution.
            
          
      
    
    IX.           Offset
for Obligations to Company
    If the
Participant has any debt, obligation or other liability representing an amount
owing to the Company or any Affiliate of
the Company, and if such debt, obligation, or other liability is due and owing
at the time benefit payments are payable hereunder, the time or schedule of payments may be accelerated under
the Plan to satisfy the debt a Participant owes to the Company or any Affiliate,
where such debt was incurred in the ordinary course of the service relationship
between the parties, the entire amount of the reduction in any of the
Participant’s taxable years does not exceed $5,000, and the reduction is made at
the same time and in the same amount as the debt otherwise would have been due
and collected from the Participant.  Treasury Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiii).
    X.           Liability
of Company
    Except as
provided below, all contributions and distributions to be made as required by
this Plan shall be obligations of the Sponsor.  On the basis of the
information furnished by the Committee, the Trustee shall keep separate books
and records concerning the affairs of each Participating Employer hereunder and
as to the accounts and credits of the Participants of each Participating
Employer.
    XI.           Rights
of a Participant
    Establishment
of the Plan shall not be construed as giving any Participant the right to be
retained in the Company’s service or employ or the right to receive any benefits
not specifically provided by the Plan.
    Any
amounts due or credited under this Plan will not be segregated from the general
funds of the Company, and no Participant will have any claim on any specific
assets of the Company.  To the extent that any Participant acquires a
right to receive benefits under this Plan, his or her right will be no greater
than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company and is not
assignable or transferable except to the Participant’s estate as defined in
Section
VIII.
    XII.           Amendment
and Termination
    The Board
may amend, modify, or terminate the Plan at any time.  No amendment,
modification, or termination shall reduce any benefits accrued or rights
entitled to by any Participant prior to such amendment, modification, or
termination.
    XIII.                      Determination
of Benefits
    See
Appendix A.
    XIV.                      Notices
    Notices
and elections under this Plan must be in writing.  Notice or election
is deemed delivered if it is delivered personally or mailed by registered or
certified mail to the person at his or her last known business
address.
    XV.           General
Provisions
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              Controlling Law – Except
      to the extent superseded by federal law, the laws of the State of Texas
      shall be controlling in all matters relating to the Plan, including
      construction and performance
thereof.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              B.
            
            
              Captions – The captions
      of sections and paragraphs of this Plan are for the convenience of
      reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction
      of any of its provisions.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              C.
            
            
              Facility of Payment –
      Any amounts payable hereunder to any Participant who is under legal
      disability or who, in the judgment of the Committee, is unable to properly
      manage his or her financial affairs may be paid to the legal
      representative of such Participant or may be applied for the benefit of
      such Participant in any manner which the Committee may select, and any
      such payment shall be deemed to be payment for such Participant’s Account
      and shall be a complete discharge of all liability of the Company with
      respect to the amount so paid.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              D.
            
            
              Withholding of Payroll
      Taxes – The Company shall withhold from a Participant’s
      Compensation, all federal, state and local income, employment and other
      taxes required to be withheld by the Company with respect to any amounts
      credited or due under the Plan, in amounts and in a manner to be
      determined in the sole discretion of the
  Company.
            
          
      
    
    The
Company, or the Trustee of the Trust, shall withhold from any distributions made
to a Participant under this Plan, all federal, state and local income,
employment, and other taxes required to be withheld by the Company or the
Trustee of the Trust, in connection with such distributions, in amounts and in a
manner to be determined in the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Trustee
of the Trust.
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              E.
            
            
              Administrative Expenses
      – All expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the
      Company.  No part thereof shall be charged against any
      Participant’s Account or any amounts distributable
    hereunder.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              F.
            
            
              Severability – Any
      provision of this Plan prohibited by the law of any jurisdiction shall, as
      to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition
      without invalidating the remaining provisions
  hereof.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              G.
            
            
              No Liabilities – Except
      as otherwise expressly provided herein, no member of the Board of
      Directors of the Company and no officer, employee, or agent of the Company
      shall have any liability to any person, firm, or corporation based on or
      arising out of the Plan, except in the case of gross negligence or
      fraud.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              H.
            
            
              Binding on all
      Successors – In the event of a Change of Control, any surviving or
      acquiring corporation shall assume the Plan and all obligations
      hereunder.  In the event any surviving or acquiring corporation
      refuses to assume the terms set out in this document, then each Participant
      will receive the balance in his or her Account in a single lump sum
      immediately upon a Change of
Control.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              I.
            
            
              Election Filing – All elections must be filed with the
      Committee.  An election is deemed filed on the business date it
      is received by the Committee, the date it is postmarked by the U.S. Postal
      Service as mailed to the Committee via first class U.S. mail, priority
      mail or express mail and is properly addressed, or the date it is received
      by an overnight courier service and is properly
      addressed.  Elections must be addressed to the following to be
      properly addressed:  Alcon Excess 401(k) Plan Committee, 6201
      South Freeway, Fort Worth, TX 76134.
            
          
      
    
    XVI.                      Unfunded
Status of Plan
    It is the
intention of the parties that the arrangements herein described be unfunded for
tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA.  Plan Participants
have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Company or any
Participating Company.  The Plan constitutes a mere promise by the
Company to make payments in the future.  The Company may establish the
Trust(s) with the Trustee, pursuant to such terms and conditions as are set
forth in the Trust agreement(s) to be entered into between the Company and the
Trustee.  The Trust is intended to be treated as a “grantor” trust
under the Code and the establishment of the Trust is not intended to cause
Participants to realize current income on amounts contributed thereto, and the
Trust shall be so interpreted.
    XVII.                      Rights
to Benefits
    A
Participant’s rights’ to benefit payments under the plan are not subject in any
manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance, attachment, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the
Participant’s beneficiaries.
    XVIII.                      Code Section 409A Compliance 
    The adoption of this First Amendment to the Plan is
intended to constitute a “material modification” of the Plan’s terms for
purposes of Code section 409A.  The Plan shall be administered in
accordance with the requirements of Code section 409A and the regulatory
guidance issued under such provision.  The Company reserves the right
to further amend the Plan to whatever extent it deems necessary or appropriate
to comply with Code section 409A. 
    This amended and restated Plan shall be effective as of
January 1, 2008.  This Plan was operated in good faith
compliance with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, Notice 2005-1, and
Proposed Treasury Regulation sections 1.409A-1 through 3 and 6 for periods from
January 1, 2005 through December
31, 2007.  For periods from
January 1, 2008 through December
31, 2008 this Plan was operated in good
faith compliance with section 409A of the Code, Treasury Regulation section
1-409A-1 through 3 and 6, and to the extent an issue was not addressed in such
authorities, in good faith compliance with Notice 2005-1.
    XIX.                      Company’s Right to Unilaterally Amend

    The Participant hereby consents and grants the Company
the authority to unilaterally amend this Agreement to the extent necessary to
bring this Agreement in compliance with the requirements of Code section 409A
and the guidance issued thereunder.
    XX.           Limitation 
    Any action to enforce any right under this Agreement or
under the Plan must be brought within two (2) years of the date on which a
benefit was first payable to the Participant hereunder.
    XXI.                      Liability for Taxes 
    The Participant is solely liable for any and all
federal, state or local taxes imposed on the benefits hereunder; regardless of
whether any amount is payable to the Participant at the time the Participant is
subject to taxation on the benefits hereunder.
    XXII.                      Ambiguity Construction 
    The Committee shall construe any ambiguity hereunder in
such a manner that the Program's document and operations shall comply with Code
section 409A and the final regulations issued
thereunder.  
    XXIII.                      Prohibition on Accelerations and Changes in Time and
Form of Payment 
    No payment of any amount due under this Program shall be
accelerated unless such acceleration is provided for in Treas. Reg. section
1.409A-3(j).  No payment of any amount due hereunder shall be delayed
beyond the time specified for payment herein except to the extent such delay is
one of the delays for which the payment is treated as made upon the date
specified in the Plan under Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-3(d),  if the
payment is a disputed payment under Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-3(g), or if the
payment was delayed pursuant to Treas. Reg. section
1.409A-2(b)(7).  This Program shall not permit any subsequent changes
in the time or form of payment or subsequent elections (as such phrase is
defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-2(b)) which would defer the payment of
amounts specified to be paid hereunder.
    XXIV.                       Permitted Payment Delays
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              Amounts to be paid as described in Article VII may
      be deferred beyond their established payment date where the Company
      reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal
      securities laws or other applicable laws; provided that the Company makes
      the payment at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably
      anticipates that making such payment will not cause such
      violation.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              B.
            
            
              Amounts to be paid as described in Article VII may
      be deferred beyond their established payment date where the Company
      reasonably anticipates that the Company’s federal income tax deduction
      with respect to such payment otherwise would be limited or eliminated by
      application of section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
      amended (the “Code”), provided the payment will be paid either during the
      Participant’s first taxable year in which the Company reasonably
      anticipates, or should reasonably anticipate that if the payment is made
      in that year, the deduction of such payment will not be barred by
      application of Code section 162(m), or during the period beginning with
      the date the Participant Separates from Service and ending on the later of
      the last day of the taxable year of the Participant in which the
      Participant Separated from Service on the 15th day of the third month
      following the Participant’s Separation from Service, and provided further
      that if there was any scheduled payment to the Participant in a
      Participant’s taxable year is delayed due to deductibility under Code
      section 162(m), the delay in payment will constitute a subsequent deferral
      unless all scheduled payments to such Participant that could be delayed
      under this section are also delayed.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-2(b)(7)(i).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              C.
            
            
              The payment may be delayed if the making of the
      payment of the date specified under the Plan would jeopardize the ability
      of the Company to continue as a going concern and the payment will be
      treated as made on the date specified provided it is made during the first
      taxable year of the Company in which making the payment would not have
      such effect.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(d).
            
          
      
    
    XXV.                      Permitted Payment Accelerations
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              Accelerations of Benefits.  No benefit
      payment time or schedule under this Agreement shall be
      accelerated.  No service provider shall have a direct or
      indirect election or any discretion regarding whether the service
      recipient exercises its discretion to accelerate a payment.  The
      following are the only permitted payment
    accelerations:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              1.
            
            
              Domestic Relations
      Orders.  The time or
      schedule of payments under this Agreement may be accelerated for a payment
      to an individual other than the Participant to the extent necessary to
      fulfill a domestic relations order.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              2.
            
            
              Limited
      Cashouts.  A Participant’s
      benefit automatically shall be paid, at the Company’s election, in a lump
      sum if (1) the Participant’s entire interest under this Agreement and
      under all Similar Arrangements that would constitute a nonqualified
      deferred compensation Plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2) are
      paid, (2) the payment is not greater than the dollar limit on elective
      deferrals in Code section 402(g)(1)(B), (3) the Participant is provided no
      election with respect to receipt of the lump sum payment, and (4) the
      service recipient documents in writing its exercise of discretion with
      respect to this payment on or before the date such payment is
      made.  Such payment shall comply with Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(v).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              3.
            
            
              Employment Tax
      Payment.  The time or
      schedule of payments may be accelerated to the extent necessary to pay the
      Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) tax imposed under Code sections
      3101, 3121(a) and 3121(v)(2), where applicable, on compensation deferred
      under this Agreement or the Railroad Retirement Act tax under Code section
      3201 (the “FICA Amount”).  The time or schedule of payments may
      be accelerated to pay the federal income tax withholding at the source on
      wages imposed by Code section 3401 or the corresponding withholding
      provisions of applicable state, local or foreign tax laws as a result of
      the payment of the FICA Amount and to pay the additional income tax on
      wages attributing to the pyramiding of Code section 3401 wages and taxes
      related to the payment of the FICA Amount.  However, the total
      payment under this Section XXV.A.3. shall not exceed the aggregate of the
      FICA Amount and the income tax withholding related to such FICA
      Amount.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              4.
            
            
              409A Failure Income
      Inclusion.  The time or
      schedule of payments may be accelerated to provide a payment to the
      Participant when the arrangement fails to comply with the requirements of
      Code section 409A and the guidance thereunder; provided such payment shall
      be limited to the amount the Participant is required to include in his/her
      income as a result of such failure to comply with Code section 409A and
      the final regulations thereunder.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(vii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              5.
            
            
              Cancellation of Deferrals
      Following an Unforeseeable Emergency or Hardship Distribution.  The Participant may cancel his/her
      deferral election due to an unforeseen emergency or the Participant taking
      a hardship withdrawal from the 401(k) Plan in which he/she participates
      pursuant to Treasury Regulation § l.401(k)-1(d)(3); provided the deferral
      election under this Agreement is cancelled and not postponed or otherwise
      delayed, and any later deferral election shall be subject to the
      regulations governing initial deferral elections under Code section 409A
      and Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-2(a).  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(viii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              6.
            
            
              Conflicts of
      Interest.  Payment time or
      schedule may be accelerated under the Plan to the extent necessary for any
      Federal officer or employee in the executive branch to comply with any
      ethics agreement with the Federal government.  Treasury
      Regulation §
1.409A-3(j)(4)(iii)(A).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
             
            
              The time or schedule of payments under the Plan
      for a payment under the Plan may be accelerated and paid to the extent
      reasonably necessary to avoid violation of an applicable Federal, state,
      local or foreign ethics law or conflicts of interest law.  A
      payment is reasonably necessary to avoid violation of such laws if it is
      necessary as part of a course of action that results in compliance with
      such laws and such laws would be violated under such course of
      action.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              7.
            
            
              Termination of
      Plan.  This Agreement and
      the arrangement of which it is part may be terminated with respect to this
      Participant if either 1, 2, or 3 below is
  satisfied:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (i)
            
            
              The Company in its sole discretion and pursuant to
      the terms of this Plan decides to terminate this NQDC Plan within twelve
      (12) months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code section 331, or
      with the approval of the bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C.
      503(b)(1)(A); provided that the amounts deferred under the NQDC Plan for
      the Participants are included in the Participants’ gross income by the
      latest of (or if earlier, the taxable year in which the amount is actually
      or constructively received):
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              the calendar year in which the NQDC Plan
      termination and liquidation
occurred;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              the first calendar year in which the amount is no
      longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture;
    or
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              the first calendar year in which the payment is
      administratively practicable.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(viv)(A).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (ii)
            
            
              The Company may, in its sole discretion, pursuant
      to an irrevocable action taken by the Company within the thirty (30) days
      preceding or the twelve (12) months following a change in control (as such
      phrase is defined in Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)) terminate and
      liquidate the NQDC Plan provided this shall only apply to a payment under
      a plan if all agreements, programs and other arrangements sponsored by the
      service recipient immediately after the change in control event that are
      treated as deferred under a single plan under Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and liquidated with respect to each
      participant that experienced the change in control event so that under the
      terms of the termination and liquidation all such participants are
      required to receive all amounts of deferred compensation under the
      aggregated terminated agreements, programs and other arrangements within
      twelve (12) months of the date the Company irrevocably took all necessary
      action to terminate and liquidate such arrangements pursuant to Treasury
      Regulation § 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B).  The company who may take
      such actions to terminate such NQDC Plans under this Section XXV.A.7(i)
      must be the Company that is primarily liable immediately after the change
      in control transaction for payment of the deferred compensation under this
      Plan.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (iii)
            
            
              The Company may, in its sole discretion, pursuant
      to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, terminate the Arrangement
      provided:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (a)
            
            
              The termination and liquidation of the Plan is not
      proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the service recipient
      or Company;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (b)
            
            
              All Plans or Arrangements sponsored by the Company
      or its Affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated Plan as a
      NQDC Plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c)(2), if the Participant
      participated in and had deferrals under all Arrangements, are terminated
      and liquidated;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (c)
            
            
              No payments in liquidation of the Plan, other than
      payments payable under the terms of the Plan if the termination had not
      occurred, are made within twelve (12) months of the date on which the
      Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate
      the Plan;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (d)
            
            
              All payments are made within twenty-four (24)
      months of the date the Company took all action to irrevocably terminate
      and liquidate the Plan; and
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              (e)
            
            
              The Company does not adopt a new Plan or
      Arrangement that would be aggregated with any terminated Arrangement as a
      NQDC Plan under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-1(c) if the Participant
      participated in both Plans or Arrangements at any time within three (3)
      years immediately following the date the service recipient took all
      actions necessary to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the Plan under
      Treasury Regulation §
  1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(C).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              8.
            
            
              Cancellation of Deferral
      Elections Due to Disability.  The Participant’s deferral election
      may be canceled provided the cancellation occurs by the later of the end
      of the taxable year of the Participant or the 15th day of the third month
      following the date the Participant suffered a disability.  Such
      disability for the purposes of a deferral election cancellation shall be
      deemed to exist if the Participant suffers a physical or mental impairment
      that results in the Participant being unable to perform the duties of his
      or her position or any substantially similar position where the impairment
      is expected to (1) last for a continuous period of not less than six
      months, or (2) to result in death.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(xii).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              9.
            
            
              Bona Fide Disputes as to a
      Right to a Payment.  If the
      Company and the Participant have an arm’s-length bona fide dispute as to
      the Participant’s right to a deferred amount, the Plan may accelerate the
      time or schedule of payments or the Plan may make a payment as part of the
      settlement of such dispute.  However, there shall not be any
      discretion with respect to accelerating any time or schedule of payment
      other than for purposes of settling an arm’s-length dispute as to the
      Participant’s right to a payment.  Only payments for which there
      is a substantial reduction (25 percent or more) in the amount payable
      shall be deemed to be eligible to be treated as payments under this
      Section XXV.A.9.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiv).
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              10.
            
            
              Payment of State, Local or
      Foreign Taxes.  The Plan
      may accelerate the time and form of payment to reflect the Plan’s payment
      of state, local or foreign taxes arising out of the Participant’s
      participation in the Plan, to reflect such tax payments related to amounts
      deferred under the Plan before such amounts are paid or made available to
      the Participant.  Such accelerated payments may be made by
      payment of the withholding taxes on behalf of the Participants in
      accordance with applicable state, local or foreign laws, including federal
      income tax withholdings.  However, the total payments
      accelerated under this Section XXV.A.10. must not exceed the sum of the
      state, local and foreign tax amounts and the income tax withholding
      related to such amounts.  Treasury Regulation §
      1.409A-3(j)(4)(xi).
            
          
      
    
    
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Sponsor has caused this Plan to be executed this the 18 day of
December, 2008.
    
    
    ALCON
HOLDINGS INC.
    
    By:
    
    
    
    /s/
Cary Rayment
    Cary
Rayment, Chairman of the Board,
    Chief
Executive Officer and President
    
    
    By:
    
    
    
    /s/
Richard Croarkin
    Richard
Croarkin Sr. Vice President,
    Finance
and Chief Financial Officer
    
    
      
        
          ALCON
EXCESS 401(k) PLAN 
        
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    APPENDIX
A
    
    I.           Determination of
Benefits
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              A.
            
            
              Claim – A person who
      believes that he is being denied a benefit to which he is entitled under
      the Plan (hereinafter referred to as a “Claimant”) may file a written
      request for such benefit with the Company, setting forth his
      claim.  The request must be addressed to the Board of the
      Company related to the Participant at its then principal place of
      business.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              B.
            
            
              Claim Decision – Upon
      receipt of a claim, the Company shall advise the Claimant that a reply
      will be forthcoming within ninety (90) days and shall, in fact, deliver
      such reply within such period.  The Company may, however, extend
      the reply period for an additional ninety (90) days for reasonable
      cause.  If the claim is denied in whole or in part, the Company
      shall adopt a written report, using language calculated to be understood
      by the Claimant, setting forth:
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              1.
            
            
              The
      specific reason or reasons for such
denial;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              2.
            
            
              The
      specific reference to pertinent provisions of this Plan upon which such
      denial is based;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              3.
            
            
              A
      description of any additional material or information necessary for the
      Claimant to clarify his claim and an explanation why such material or such
      information is necessary;
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              4.
            
            
              Appropriate
      information as to the steps to be taken if the Claimant wishes to submit
      the claim for review; and
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              5.
            
            
              The
      time limits for requesting a
review.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              C.
            
            
              Request for a Review –
      Within sixty (60) days after the receipt by the Claimant of the written
      report described above, the Claimant may request in writing that the Board
      review the determination of the Company.  Such request must be
      addressed to the Board’s principal place of business.  The
      Claimant or his duly authorized representative may, but need not, review
      the pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in writing for
      consideration by the Company.  If the Claimant does not request
      a review of the Company’s determination by the Board within such sixty
      (60) day period, he shall be barred and estopped from challenging the
      Company’s determination.
            
          
      
    
    
      
          
            
               
      
            
            
              D.
            
            
              Review of Decision –
      Within sixty (60) days after the Board’s receipt of a request for review,
      they will review the Company’s determinations.  After
      considering all materials presented by the Claimant, the Board will render
      a written report, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the
      Claimant, setting forth the specific reasons for the decision and
      containing specific references to the pertinent provisions of this Plan on
      which the decision is based.  If special circumstances require
      that the sixty (60) day time period be extended, the Board will so notify
      the Claimant and will render the decision as soon as possible, but no
      later than one hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of the request for
      review.