Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    GE
Drivetrain Technologies and A-Power Energy Generation Systems Ltd. Sign
Supply and Joint Venture Partnership Agreements
    
     
    Shenyang, China (March 5, 2009)
– GE Drivetrain Technologies, a unit of GE Transportation, and A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: APWR) announced today that the
companies have signed agreements for GE Drivetrain Technologies to supply
A-Power with 2.7 megawatt (MW) wind turbine gearboxes and to establish a Joint
Venture partnership for a wind turbine gearbox manufacturing plant in China. The
contracts follow the signing of letters of intent in January of this
year.
     
    The
agreements support China’s initiative to increase wind energy output from one
gigawatt in 2005 to 100 gigawatts by 2020 and are the basis for additional
future investments by GE Drivetrain Technologies in its local supply chain and
advanced wind turbine drive train products.
     
    About GE
Transportation
     
    Established
more than 100 years ago, GE Transportation, a unit of General Electric Company
(NYSE: GE), is a global technology leader and supplier to the railroad, marine,
drilling, mining and wind industries. GE provides freight and passenger
locomotives, railway signaling and communications systems, information
technology solutions, marine engines, motorized drive systems for mining trucks
and drills, high-quality replacement parts and value added services. GE
Transportation is headquartered in Erie, PA, and employs approximately 10,000
employees worldwide. For more information visit
www.getransportation.com
     
    About
A-Power
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with technologies licensed from German Fuhrlander AG and
Denmark-based Norwin, and a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. A-Power
also has strategic relationships with Tsinghua University in Beijing and the
China Academy of Sciences in Guangzhou to develop and commercialize other
renewable energy technologies. For more information, please visit
www.apowerenergy.com
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        4
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
    
     
    Safe
Harbor
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: the expected benefits of supply and partnership agreements may not
materialize to the extent expected or at all; we expect to rely increasingly on
our proprietary products and systems and on technology developed by our
licensors and partners, and if we or our licensors or partners become involved
in an intellectual property dispute, we may be forced to spend considerable
resources resolving such dispute; a decrease in the rate of growth of China's
industry and economy may lead to a decrease in our revenues because industrial
companies in China are our principal source of revenues; decreases in the price
of oil and gas could reduce demand for our wind turbine systems, as well as
other relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required under applicable
law.
     
     
    GE
Transportation Media Contact:
     
    Chris
Banocy
     
    Tel:
+1-814-875-2099 (office)
    Tel:
+1-814-431-9519 (cell)
    chris.banocy@ge.com
     
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Media Contact:
     
    John S.
Lin
    Chief
Strategy Officer
    john@apowerenergy.com
    
     
    Valentine
Ding / Dixon Chen
    Tel:   +1-646-284-9412
(office)
    vding@hfgcg.com
    dchen@hfgcg.com
    
    
    # #
#
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        5