acl6k0309allegrettoex991.htm




    
    Exhibit
99.1
     
    
    
    
    Alcon
Signs Contract with LCA-Vision for 75 ALLEGRETTO WAVE®
Excimer Lasers
    LASIK
chain standardizes with high-end technology based on study results.
    
    HUENENBERG, Switzerland – March 10, 2009 – Alcon, Inc.
(NYSE: ACL) announced today that its affiliate Alcon Laboratories, Inc. has
signed a five year contract with LCA-Vision, Inc. (NASDAQ: LCAV). Under the
contract, LCA will place ALLEGRETTO WAVE® Eye-Q
400Hz excimer lasers in all of the company’s 75 LasikPlus® vision
surgery centers by the end of the third quarter of 2009. The contract comes as
part of a decision by LCA to standardize its laser surgery technology on two
laser platforms based on the results of a clinical study.
    “LasikPlus® recently
completed a contralateral, prospective, randomized study measuring surgical
outcomes on a variety of excimer lasers, including the most recently
FDA-approved laser, the ALLEGRETTO WAVE® Eye-Q,”
said Steven C. Straus, chief executive officer of LCA-Vision. “The ALLEGRETTO
WAVE® Eye-Q
excimer laser performed well on our evaluation criteria, leading to our decision
to reduce our laser platforms from three to two and to expand our relationship
with Alcon.”
    Conducted through cooperation between
members of the LCA medical advisory board and an outside research consultant,
the study compared the clinical outcomes of laser eye surgery on various lasers.
Results demonstrated excellent clinical outcomes on the ALLEGRETTO WAVE® Eye-Q
excimer laser.
    “We are
excited about the positive results of this clinical trial, which led to this
agreement and the opportunity it provides Alcon to expand our relationship with
LCA-Vision,” said Bill Barton, U.S. area president at Alcon. “The study
validates the investment we made in WaveLight and clearly demonstrates the
quality outcomes achieved by the Allegretto platform.”
    Alcon’s
ALLEGRETTO WAVE® Eye-Q
excimer laser combines proprietary wavefront-optimized PerfectPulse
Technology®, precise
laser control and unparalleled speed for the most advanced laser technology in
LASIK surgery. Alcon acquired the U.S. rights to the technology through the
acquisition of assets from WaveLight AG in February of 2008.
    
    About
ALLEGRETTO WAVE®
Eye-Q
     
    The Alcon
ALLEGRETTO WAVE® Eye-Q
excimer laser, engineered by WaveLight AG, combines precision technology with
excellent laser energy stability, high-quality components and reliability. Built
with pioneering wavefront principles, the laser’s PerfectPulse Technology® is
designed to control each laser pulse from its generation to the exact point
where it contacts the cornea.  The ALLEGRETTO WAVE® Eye-Q
Excimer laser platform is the fastest laser in the United States at 400Hz and
aims to provide optimal LASIK results.
     
    
    About
Alcon
    Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.3
billion in 2008.  Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic
industry for 60 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices, contact lens care solutions and
other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions
of the eye. Alcon is the majority shareholder of WaveLight
AG.   For more information on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s
web site at www.alcon.com.
    
    # #
#
    
      
        
        
      
      
        
        
        
        
      
       
    
    Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements. This
press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Any forward-
looking statements reflect the views of our management as of the date of this
press release with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and
subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except to the extent
required under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements,
whether to reflect new information or future events or circumstances or
otherwise.
    
    
    For information,
contact:
    Holly
Clark
    Corporate
Communications
    817-551-8696
    holly.clark@alconlabs.com
    
    www.alcon.com