exv99w1







Exhibit 99.1







Agria Streamlines Operations Management


Beijing, China — September 3, 2010 — Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) (the “Company” or “Agria”), a
China-based company with investments in the agriculture sector, today announced the streamlining of
the management of its China operations.


Since disposing of P3A in July 2010, Agria’s business operations in China are focused on creating a
profitable seed business. This business comprises three business units: research and development,
production and marketing. Agria has recruited managers with many years of experience in both
domestic and international seed companies to lead each of these business units. Each of these
business unit leaders reports directly to the CEO. As a result, the position of Chief Operating
Officer has now become redundant. Accordingly, Agria has accepted the resignation of Mr. Zhao Yue
from his position of Chief Operating Officer and currently does not intend to seek a replacement
for the position.


About Agria Corporation
Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) is a China-based company with investments in the agricultural sector.
For more information about Agria Corporation, please visit www.agriacorp.com.






     
     
     




    Contacts:
     
     


     
     
     


    In China:

     
    In the U.S.:


    John Layburn

     
    David Pasquale


    Chief Strategy and Compliance Officer

     
    Senior Vice President


    China Tel: 86-10-8438 1031

     
    U.S. Tel: +914-337-1117


    john.layburn@agriacorp.com

     
    david.pasquale@agriacorp.com





Safe Harbor Statement:
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the “safe
harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “confident” and similar
statements. Agria may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports
to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 20-F and 6-K, etc., in its annual report to
shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts,
including statements about Agria’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks outlined
in Agria’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in
this press release is as of the date of this announcement unless otherwise stated, and Agria does
not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under
applicable law.