exv99w5





Exhibit 99.5



For immediate public release



AGRIA
(SINGAPORE) PTE LTD.
80 Raffles Place
16-20 UOB Plaza 2 Singapore 048624



TAKEOVER NOTICE


Rule 41 of the Takeovers Code





     
     
     





    To:

     
    PGG Wrightson Limited


     

     
    57 Waterloo Road 


     

     
    Hornby, 8042


     

     
    Christchurch


     

     
    Attention: The Directors


     
     
     


    Cc:

     
    The Takeovers Panel


     

     
    Level 3, Solnet House


     

     
    70 The Terrace 


     

     
    PO Box 1171


     

     
    Wellington


     

     
    By email: takeovers.panel@takeovers.govt.nz


     
     
     


    Cc:

     
    New Zealand Exchange Limited


     

     
    Wellington


     

     
    By email: announce@nzx.com





Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (Agria), the holder of 19.01% of PGG Wrightson Limited, hereby
gives notice pursuant to Rule 41(1) of the Takeovers Code of its intention to make a partial offer
under the Takeovers Code to acquire an additional 38.3% of the issued ordinary shares in PGG
Wrightson Limited (Offer) not currently held by it.


The proposed Offer consideration will be NZ$0.60 per share.


Attached to this notice are the intended terms of the Offer, including the information required by
Schedule 1 of the Takeovers Code, stated as at the date of this notice. The Offer will be made in
the form attached with any modifications and additional information permitted or required to be
contained in, or to accompany, this notice.


This notice is dated 23 December 2010.


Signed for and on behalf of
Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.






     









    Xie Tao


    Sole Director of Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.






 




 



For immediate public release



23 December 2010



Takeover Notice Certificate


To the best of my knowledge and belief, after making proper enquiry, the information contained in
or accompanying the takeover notice (including the Appendix) is, in all material respects, true and
correct and not misleading, whether by omission of any information or otherwise, and includes all
the information required to be disclosed by Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. under the Takeovers Code.



Signed by the person named below:






     









    Xie Tao


    Sole director of Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.