-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 I3MCrwgf8rzFNNhoS+Zuy1lzC213+7fteWcdD1Pm/jE3N7CuNwh7GmqZf9V45Vp2
 Fn1eVx+P9cLGXc5snRMDqw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950127-10-000036.txt : 20100217
<SEC-HEADER>0000950127-10-000036.hdr.sgml : 20100217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100217134804
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950127-10-000036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	6-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20100216
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACERGY S.A.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898685
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			N4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		6-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21742
		FILM NUMBER:		10612141

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O ACERGY M.S. LIMITED
		STREET 2:		200 HAMMERSMITH ROAD
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W6 7DL
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 20 8210 5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O ACERGY M.S. LIMITED
		STREET 2:		200 HAMMERSMITH ROAD
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W6 7DL

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STOLT OFFSHORE S A
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000510

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STOLT COMEX SEAWAY S A
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930315
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>6-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a6k.txt
<TEXT>
================================================================================

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                  ------------

                                    FORM 6-K

                        REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER

                    Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                         For the month of February, 2010

                        Commission File Number: 000-21742

                                   Acergy S.A.
                 -----------------------------------------------
                 (Translation of registrant's name into English)

                              200 Hammersmith Road
                                 London, W6 7DL
                                     England
                    ----------------------------------------
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover Form 20-F or Form 40-F.

                    Form 20-F [X]              Form 40-F [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in
paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1):[ ]

     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in
paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): [ ]

     Indicate by check mark whether by furnishing the information contained in
this Form, the registrant is also thereby furnishing the information to the
Commission pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

                    Yes [ ]                    No [X]

     If "Yes" is marked, indicate below the file number assigned to the
registrant in connection with Rule 12g3-2(b): 82-________

================================================================================
<PAGE>
Attached herewith as Exhibit 99.1 is a press release, dated February 16, 2010,
whereby Acergy S.A. (the "Company") advises that at the Extraordinary General
Meeting of Shareholders ("the Meeting") on February 16, 2010 agenda item 1
(adoption of amended Articles of Incorporation) was approved by shareholders.

The minutes of the Meeting detailing the resolution proposed and the result of
the poll on item 1 is set forth below and the amended Articles of Incorporation
are attached hereto as Exhibit 1.1.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Acergy S.A.
societe anonyme holding
412F, route d'Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies, No B 43 172
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
No 25559/2010 - Maitre Robert SCHUMAN
No 647/2010 - Maitre Leonie GRETHEN
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING
OF 16 FEBRUARY 2010
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the year two thousand and ten, on the sixteenth day of the month of February,
     Before Maitre Robert SCHUMAN, notary in Differdange, replacing Maitre
Leonie GRETHEN, notary in Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, who will retain
the original of the present deed in her records, was held an extraordinary
general meeting of shareholders of "Acergy S.A." ("the Company"), a societe
anonyme having its registered office in Luxembourg, 412F, route d'Esch, L-2086
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Registre de Commerce
et des Societes de Luxembourg under No B 43 172,
     incorporated by deed of Maitre Paul FRIEDERS, notary residing in Luxembourg
(Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) of March 10, 1993, published in the Memorial C,
Recueil des Societes et Associations, ("Memorial") of April 28, 1993, number
190. The Articles of Incorporation of the Company were amended several times,
and for the last time by deed of Maitre Leonie GRETHEN, in replacement of Maitre
Blanche MOUTRIER of August 4, 2009, published in the Memorial of September 3,
2009, number 1697.
     The Extraordinary General Meeting was opened at 12.00 p.m. and was presided
over by Mr Alistair Peel, Company Secretary, residing at 200 Hammersmith Road;
London W6 7DL, United Kingdom (the "Chairman").
     There were appointed as secretary Me Toinon Hoss, avocat a la Cour,
residing in Luxembourg, and as ballot-judges Mrs Chantal Mathu, private-
employee, residing professionally in Luxembourg, and Me Max Becker, avocat,
residing professionally in Luxembourg. The Bureau having thus been constituted,
the Chairman declared and requested the notary to note that:
     1. It appeared from the main register kept by SGG S.A. and the Branch
Register kept by DnB NOR Bank ASA of Oslo produced to the Meeting together with
proxies duly filed within the statutory period that 71,981,459 Common Shares out
of 194,953,972 issued Common Shares and 183,126,035 outstanding Common

                                        1
<PAGE>
Shares as at October 30, 2009 were represented.
     2. The notice of the Meeting was published according to the legal
requirements in two Luxembourg daily newspapers, the "Tageblatt" and in the
"Luxemburger Wort", and in the "Memorial C" on January 15, 2010 and January 30,
2010 as evidenced by the documents presented to the Meeting and in accordance
with article 26 of the Articles of Association (i) notice of this Meeting
together with a proxy card, a letter of explanation and a business reply
envelope have been mailed to the Common Shareholders on the Company's Registers
as of October 30, 2009 and (ii) notice of this Meeting together with a proxy
card, the letter of explanation and a business reply envelope were also mailed
to the holders of American Depositary Shares (ADSs) (each of which represents
one Common Share of the Company) on the register of Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, Depositary for the ADSs, as of October 30, 2009.
3. In order to attend the present Extraordinary General Meeting, the Common
Shares represented complied with the legal and statutory requirements.
4. The agenda of the general meeting is as follows:
     (i) To approve the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company
to adopt amended Articles of Incorporation as summarised in the Chairman's
letter dated January 15, 2010.
     5. The shareholders represented and the number of shares held by each of
them shown on an attendance list, signed ne varietur by the proxyholders of the
shareholders represented, the Chairman, the secretary, the ballot-judges and the
notary which will be attached to the present deed to be filed with the
registration authorities. The said proxies signed ne varietur by the Chairman,
the secretary, the ballot-judges and the notary, shall remain attached to the
present deed in order to be filed with the registration authorities.
     6. Pursuant to Article 67-1 of the Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial
companies, as amended, the present Meeting was therefore regularly convened and
has the legal power to validly deliberate and act regardless of the proportion
of the capital represented, as a meeting convened for 17 December 2009 could not
so validly deliberate and act due to the absence of quorum.
     After this had been set forth by the Chairman and acknowledged by the
members of the general meeting, the Chairman submitted to the vote of the
members of the general meeting the following resolution:
                                FIRST RESOLUTION
The Meeting resolved to approve the recommendation of the Board of Directors of
the Company to adopt amended Articles of Incorporation as summarised in the
Chairman's letter dated January 15, 2010 and to amend several articles,
mentioned below; - Article three (3), Article five (5), Article eight (8),
Article eleven (11), Article twelve (12), Article thirteen (13), Article
fourteen (14), Article fifteen (15), Article eighteen (18), Article twenty (20),
Article twenty-two (22), Article twenty-four (24), Article twenty-five (25),
Article twenty-six (26), Article twenty-seven (27), Article twenty-eight (28),
Article twenty-nine (29), Article thirty-one (31), Article thirty-two (32),
Article thirty-three (33), Article thirty-

                                        2
<PAGE>
four (34) and Article thirty-five (35) and to interpose a new Article thirty-six
(36).

The information set forth above and the amended Articles of Incorporation
attached hereto as Exhibit 1.1 shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into the prospectuses forming a part of our Registration Statements on Form S-8
(No. 33-85168, No. 333-9292, No. 333-74321, No. 333-124983 and No. 333-124997)
and our Registration Statements on Form F-3 and Form F-3/A (No. 333-86288) and
to be a part of such prospectuses from the date of the filing thereof.

Certain statements set forth above and contained in the press release furnished
pursuant to this Form 6-K may include "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements may be identified by the use
of words like "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may,"
"plan," "project," "will," "should," "seek," and similar expressions. The
forward-looking statements reflect our current views and assumptions and are
subject to risks and uncertainties. The following factors, and others which are
discussed in our public filings and submissions with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, are among those that may cause actual and future results
and trends to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: our ability
to recover costs on significant projects; the general economic conditions and
competition in the markets and businesses in which we operate; our relationship
with significant clients; the outcome of legal proceedings or governmental
enquiries; uncertainties inherent in operating internationally; the timely
delivery of ships on order and the timely completion of ship conversion
programs; the impact of laws and regulations; and operating hazards, including
spills and environmental damage. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to
control or predict. Given these factors, you should not place undue reliance on
the forward-looking statements.

                                        3
<PAGE>
                                    SIGNATURE

          Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                  ACERGY S.A.


Date: February 17, 2010                           By:  /s/ Simon Crowe
                                                       -------------------------
                                                  Name:  Simon Crowe
                                                  Title: Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>
                                  Exhibit Index

Exhibit No.                      Description

Exhibit 1.1   Amended Articles of Incorporation of Acergy S.A. dated
              February 16, 2010.  Filed herewith.

Exhibit 99.1  Press Release dated February 16, 2010 Announcing Extraordinary
              General Meeting of Shareholders Results.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.txt
<TEXT>
Amended Articles of Incorporation:

              CHAPTER 1. NAME, REGISTERED OFFICE, OBJECTS, DURATION
     Article 1: There is incorporated a Luxembourg holding company in the form
of a limited liability company.
lt will be styled "Acergy S.A."
     Article 2: The registered office of the Company is situated in Luxembourg.
It may be transferred to any other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by
resolution of the Board of Directors.
     When extraordinary events of political, economic or social policy occur or
shall be imminent, which might interfere with the normal business at the
registered office or with the easy communication between such office and foreign
parts, the registered office may be declared to have been transferred abroad
provisionally until the complete cessation of these abnormal circumstances;
without this measure, however, having any effect on the nationality of the
Company, which, notwithstanding this provisional transfer of the registered
office, shall remain of Luxembourg nationality.
     A similar declaration of the transfer of the registered office of the
Company shall be made and brought to the attention of third parties by one of
the executive departments of the Company, which has power to bind it for current
and everyday acts of management.
     The Board of Directors shall also have the right to set up offices,
administrative centers, agencies and subsidiaries wherever it shall see fit,
either within or outside the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
     Article 3: The objects of the Company are to invest in subsidiaries which
will provide subsea construction, maintenance, inspection, survey and
engineering services, predominantly for the offshore oil and gas industry.
     More generally, the Company may participate in any manner in all
commercial, industrial, financial and other enterprises of Luxembourg or foreign
nationality through the acquisition by participation, subscription, purchase,
option or by any other means of all shares, stocks, debentures, bonds or
securities; the acquisition of patents and licenses which it will administer and
exploit; it may lend or borrow with or without security, provided that any
monies so borrowed may only be used for the purposes of the Company, or
companies which are subsidiaries of or associated with or affiliated to the
Company; in general it may undertake any operations directly or indirectly
connected with these objects.
     Transitional provision
     Until the earlier of (i) midnight 31 December 2010 or (2) the relinquishing
of the special regime provided by the Law on holding companies of the
thirty-first of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine pursuant to a decision by
the Board of

                                        1
<PAGE>
Directors - duly authorized hereto by the Shareholders at a general meeting -
the foregoing paragraph will include the following provision:
     whilst nevertheless remaining within the limits set out by the law on
holding companies of the thirty-first of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.
     The Board of Directors is furthermore authorized to delete the provision
following the occurrence of any of the two contemplated events.
     Article 4: The Company is incorporated for an unlimited period. It may be
wound up in accordance with legal requirements.
                     CHAPTER 2. CAPITAL, SHARES, BOND-ISSUES
     Article 5: The authorized capital of the Company is fixed at Four Hundred
and Sixty Million United States Dollars (U.S. $460,000,000) to be represented by
(a) Two Hundred and Thirty Million (230,000,000) Common Shares, par value Two
United States Dollars (U.S. $2.00) per share. Any authorized but unissued Common
Shares shall lapse five (5) years after publication of the Articles of
Incorporation, or any amendment thereto, in the Memorial.
     The issued capital of the Company is set at Three Hundred and Eighty-Nine
Million Nine Hundred and Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Forty-Four United
States Dollars (U.S.$ 389,907,944) represented by One Hundred and Ninety-Four
Million Nine Hundred and Fifty-Three Thousand Nine Hundred and Seventy-Two
(194,953,972) Common Shares, par value Two United States Dollars (U.S. $ 2.00)
per share, all of said shares being fully paid.
     The Board of Directors or delegate(s) duly appointed by the Board may from
time to time issue shares against contributions in kind or cash out of the total
authorized shares at such times and on such terms and conditions, including the
issue price, as the Board or its delegates may in its or their discretion
resolve. The holders of Common Shares shall be entitled to pre-emptive rights in
respect of any future issue of Common Shares for cash. The Board of Directors
may suppress the pre-emptive rights of the shareholders to the extent it deems
relevant, in particular:
     (a) to issue Common Shares for cash whether in a private transaction or in
a public offering at such price as determined by the Board of Directors of the
Company (including below market value if deemed by the Board of Directors to be
in the best interest of the Company) in order to enlarge or diversify the
shareholder base through the entry of new investors, and
     (b) to issue, or offer to issue, Common Shares in connection with
participation, financing, joint venture or other strategic proposals, strategies
or projects and/or to secure financing if the Board of Directors of the Company
determines same to be in the best interest of the Company (including below
market value if deemed by the Board of Directors to be in the best interest of
the Company), provided that no Common Shares shall be so issued pursuant to
subsections (a) or (b) hereof at a price of less than seventy-five percent (75%)
of the market value determined by the average closing price for such Common
Shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange (or the average closing price for American

                                        2
<PAGE>
Depositary Shares (ADSs) on The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc., if applicable) for
the ten most recent trading days prior to such transaction, and further provided
that Common Shares shall be issued otherwise on the terms and conditions set
forth in the report by the Board of Directors to the general meeting as
prescribed by law, including where the issue price is less than the "par value"
of a Common Share (U.S. $2.00), the Board of Directors shall be authorized to
proceed with any such transaction and to transfer from the "paid-in" surplus
("free reserves") account of the Company to the "par value" account of the
Company any such deficiency between the par value and the issue price of any
such shares, such action to be effective for a further five year period from the
date of publication of the minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting of 4
August 2009.
     Each time the Board of Directors or its delegate(s) shall have issued
authorised Common Shares and accepted payment therefore, this Article shall be
amended to reflect the result of such issue and the amendment will be recorded
by notarial deed at the request of the Board of Directors or its delegates.
     In addition to the authorized Common Shares set forth above, there shall
also be authorized one million five hundred thousand (1,500,000) Class A Shares,
par value U.S. $2.00 per share. Such Class A Shares have been authorized for the
sole purpose of options granted under the Company's existing stock option plan
in respect of the shares of the Company, and may not be used for any other
purpose. The rights, preferences and priorities of such Class A Shares are set
forth in Article 37 hereof. All such Class A Shares shall convert to Common
Shares immediately upon issuance. Such authorized Class A Shares shall exist
only for the period of time specified in Article 37 hereof and shall expire,
without further action, on such date. Prior thereto, any authorized but unissued
Class A Shares shall lapse five (5) years after publication of the Articles of
Incorporation, or any amendment, in the Memorial, subject to extension up to the
final expiry date as provided in Article 37 hereof.
     Article 6: Any share premium which shall be paid in addition to the par
value of the Common Shares shall be transferred to paid-in surplus.
     Article 7: Common Shares being fully paid up shall not be subject to any
restriction in respect of their transfer, but such shares shall be subject to
the restrictions on shareholdings set forth in Article 33 hereof.
     Article 8: The Common Shares shall be issued in registered form only.
Registered share certificates will only be issued if required by rules or
regulations of Stock Exchanges on which Common Shares are listed. The share
certificates shall be signed manually or by facsimile by two directors of the
Company. Confirmation of entry in the Share Register (the "Register") or other
evidence of ownership will be issued for Common Shares and shall be in such form
and shall bear such legends
and such numbers of identification as shall be determined by the Board of
Directors. The Board of Directors may provide for compulsory authentication of
the share certificates by the Registrar(s) or Authentication Agents.

                                        3
<PAGE>
     All Common Shares in the Company shall be registered in the Register(s) in
paper or electronic form which shall be kept by or under authority of persons
designated therefore by the Company or other Agents. Such Register(s) shall
contain the name of each holder of Common Shares, his residence and/or elected
domicile and the number of Common Shares held by him and other information as
may be required from time to time by applicable law.
     The Company may appoint Registrars or Agents in different jurisdictions who
will each maintain a separate Register for the Common Shares entered therein and
the holders of Common Shares may elect to be entered in one of the Registers and
to be transferred from time to time from one Register to another Register. The
transfer to the Register kept at the registered office of the company in
Luxembourg may always be requested by any shareholder.
     On transfers of Common Shares, new confirmation of entry or other evidence
of ownership in respect of Common Shares transferred and retained, respectively,
shall be issued in each case without charge to the holder thereof.
     Transfers of Common Shares shall be effected upon delivery to its relevant
appointed Registrars or Agents of confirmation of entry or other evidence of
ownership together with a declaration of transfer, dated and signed by the
transferor and transferee, or by persons holding suitable powers of attorney to
act therefor, in each case in such form and with such evidence of authority as
shall be satisfactory to the Company.
     Except as provided in Article 11 hereof, the Company may consider the
Person in whose name the Common Shares are registered in the Register(s) as the
full owner of such Common Shares. The Company shall be completely free of
responsibility in dealing with such Shares towards third parties and shall be
justified in considering any right, interest or claims of such third parties in
or upon such Common Shares to be nonexistent, subject, however, to any right
which such person might have, to demand the registration or change in
registration of Common Shares.
     In the event that a holder of Common Shares does not provide any address to
which all notices or announcements from the Company may be sent, the Company may
permit a notice to this effect to be entered into the Register(s) and such
holder's address will be deemed to be at the registered office of the Company or
such other address as may be so entered by the Company from time to time, until
a different address shall be provided to the Company by such holder. The holder
may, at any time, change his address as entered in the Register(s) by means of
written notification to the Registrar.
     Lost, stolen or mutilated share certificates for Common Shares, if any,
will be replaced by the Registrar who issued the share certificates in the first
place upon such evidence, undertakings and indemnities as may be deemed
satisfactory to the Company, provided that mutilated share certificates shall be
delivered before new share certificates are issued.

                                        4
<PAGE>
     Article 9: Each Common Share is entitled to one vote at all meetings of
shareholders, except as may be otherwise provided in these Articles of
Incorporation and by applicable law.
     Article 10: Without prejudice to the provisions of Article 5 hereof, the
authorised or issued capital of the Company may be increased in one or more
installments by resolution of shareholders adopted in the manner required for
amendment of these Articles of Incorporation or as otherwise provided by
applicable law.
     Article 11: The Common Shares shall be indivisible as far as the Company is
concerned. Absent any contrary instruction received by the Registrar or Agent
only the first titleholder entered in the Register will be recognised for the
entitlement to any voting or other rights pertaining to the Common Shares and
only such titleholder will receive communication and notices from the Company.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has the authority to suspend the
exercise of all rights attached to such share(s) until one person has been
appointed titleholder with regard to such Common Share(s).
     The same rule may be applied in the case of a conflict between an
usufructuary and a bare owner or between a pledgor and a pledgee unless the
documents produced to the Company provide differently.
     The Company shall not issue fractions of Common Shares. The board will also
have the right at its discretion to deal with fractions and entitlements, legal
or regulatory problems or difficulties for the requirement of any regulatory
body or stock exchange or in relation to any practical problems or difficulties
in any foreign territory and provide for the payment of cash.
     Article 12: The board of directors may resolve the issuing of bonds and
debentures and the contracting of loans convertible into Common Shares or
exchangeable in other equity or debt securities in particular with or without
subscription rights or warrants attached and which may be in bearer or other
form in any denomination if applicable and payable in any currency.
     The Board of Directors shall fix the rate of interest, conditions of issue,
the conversion price and repayment and all other terms and conditions thereof.
Notwithstanding articles 5a and 5b, the Board has full discretion in determining
the conversion price.
     If certificates for bonds or debentures shall be issued, they shall be
signed by two Directors of the Company, manually or by facsimile.
                            CHAPTER 3. ADMINISTRATION
     Article 13: The Company shall be managed by a Board of Directors composed
of members who need not be shareholders of the Company.
     The Board of Directors shall be composed of not less than three (3) persons
who shall be elected in accordance with the provisions of this Article 13.
     The Directors shall be appointed by the general meeting of shareholders for
such term not to exceed six years as the meeting may decide.
     The Company may, by a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders,
dismiss any Director before the expiry of the term of his office,
notwithstanding

                                        5
<PAGE>
any agreement between the Company and such Director. Such dismissal may not
prejudice the claims that such Director may have for indemnification as provided
by Article 21 or for a breach of any contract existing between him and the
Company.
     The Directors may be re-elected. The term of office of Directors shall end
immediately after the ordinary general meeting in the year of the expiry thereof
and their successors have been elected and at least three directors have
accepted.
     In the case where the office of a Director shall become vacant following
death, resignation or otherwise, the remainder of the Directors may convene and
elect on the majority of votes thereat, a Director to carry out the duties
attaching to the office becoming vacant, to hold such office until the next
meeting of shareholders.
     With the exception of a candidate recommended by the Board of Directors or
a Director whose term of office shall expire at a general meeting of
shareholders, no candidate may be appointed unless three days at least before
the date fixed for the meeting and twenty-two days at the most before this date
a written declaration, signed by a shareholder duly authorised, shall have been
deposited at the registered office of the Company, and in the terms of which he
intends to propose the appointment of this person together with a written
declaration, signed by the candidate in question, expressing the wish of the
candidate to be appointed.
     Article 14: The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman from among its
members. Should the Chairman not be available at a meeting, the Deputy Chairman,
or, in his absence, the Managing Director (if there is one), or in his absence,
the most senior Director in office present at the meeting, shall act in his
stead.
     Article 15: The Board of Directors shall convene on the notice of the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the Managing Director (if there is one)
or of any two Directors.
     Meetings shall be held at the place, on the day and at the time set out in
the convening notice.
     The Board of Directors may only deliberate validly if the majority of its
members shall take part in the proceedings by voting personally, by telephone or
by video conference or by proxy given in writing, by telegram, fax or e-mail.
     A proxy may only be given to another Director, but a Director may receive
and vote any number of proxies.
     Decisions of the Board of Directors shall be taken by a majority of the
votes cast by the Directors present or represented at a meeting.
     Meetings of the Board of Directors may be validly held at any time and in
all circumstances by means of telephonic conference call, videoconference or any
other means, which allow the identification of the relevant Director and which
are continuously on-line. A Director attending in such manner shall be deemed
present at the meeting.

                                        6
<PAGE>
     Resolutions signed by all members of the Board will be as valid and
effective as if passed at a meeting duly convened and held. Such signatures may
appear on a single document or multiple copies of an identical resolution and
may be evidenced by letters, cables, telexes or faxes.
     Any Director may, simultaneously with his office of Director, be employed
by the Company in any other capacity (except the office of Auditor) or
remunerated for a duration and on conditions that the Board of Directors shall
determine and shall receive in respect thereof a special remuneration (by way of
salary, commission, share in the profits or otherwise) to be determined by the
Board, subject to ratification by the general meeting of shareholders, and such
special remuneration shall be added to any remuneration provided for by virtue
of, or arising from any other provision of, these Articles of Incorporation or
pursuant to resolutions of shareholders adopted in a general meeting.
     No Director may be counted for the quorum present, nor cast a vote in
respect of Board resolutions, that shall relate to his own appointment to an
office or position being remunerated within the Company or which shall lay down
or amend the conditions thereof.
     Any Director who, when a contract or an agreement shall be submitted for
approval of the Board of Directors, has a personal interest contrary to that of
the Company, must inform the Board of Directors and require that this
information be entered in the minutes of the meeting. This Director may not
deliberate or vote in respect of such contract or agreement and he shall not be
counted for purposes of whether a quorum is present. At the next meeting of
shareholders and before any vote in respect of any other resolution, a report
must be made on any contract or agreement in respect of which a Director shall
have had an interest contrary to that of the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall not apply where a Director owns less than five percent of the
Company or other entity whose contract or agreement with the Company is
submitted for approval by the Board of Directors.
     Article 16: The minutes of any meeting of the Board of Directors shall be
signed by the Chairman and the Secretary of such meeting.
     Copies of or extracts from such minutes or of resolutions signed by all
members of the Board shall be signed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors
or by the Managing Director (if there is one) or by two Directors.
     Article 17: The Board of Directors has the widest powers to carry out any
acts of management or of disposition that shall interest the Company. All that
is not expressly reserved for the general meeting by law or by these Articles of
Incorporation is intra vires the Board.
     The Board may more particularly, and without the enumeration which follows
being in any way exhaustive, make and enter into any contracts and acts
necessary for the performance of any undertakings or business that shall
interest the Company, decide upon any contributions, assignments, subscriptions,
sleeping partnerships, associations, participation or financial interests
relating to such business, receive any sums due and belonging to the Company,
give a valid

                                       7
<PAGE>
receipt therefore, make and authorise any withdrawals, transfers and disposition
of funds, income, debts receivable or securities belonging to the Company.
     The Board may take on lease, acquire, dispose of and exchange any immovable
property and movable property necessary for its operations, lend or borrow on
short or long term, even by way of the issue of debentures, with or without
guarantee, assume any surety undertakings, constitute and accept any mortgage
guarantee and otherwise, with or without stipulation of a similar procedure,
waive any preferential rights, mortgage rights, avoidance actions and real
rights in general; waive, with or without payment, any preferential mortgages or
entries, as well as in respect of any orders, registrations, distraints,
attachments and other encumbrances whatsoever; discharge all official
registrations, all of which with or without payment.
     The Board shall represent the Company vis-a-vis third parties, authorities
and governments and exercise any actions, both as plaintiff and as defendant,
before any courts, obtain any judgments, decrees, decisions, awards and proceed
therewith to execution, acquiesce, compound and compromise, in any event, in
respect of any corporate interests.
     Article 18: The Board of Directors may delegate all or part of its powers,
including the power to represent the Company in its daily business, either to an
executive committee, whether formed from among its own members or not, or to one
or more Directors, managers or other agents, who need not be shareholders in the
Company. The Board shall decide the powers and remuneration attached to any such
delegation of authority.
     The Board of Directors may set up different committees including without
limitation a management committee, an audit committee, a governance and
nomination committee and a compensation committee. Each such committee shall be
composed as the Board of Directors determines. The Board of Directors may
appoint Directors as well as persons who are not Directors to the committees.
The Board of Directors determines the purpose, powers and rules applicable to
any such committee.
     Any Director designated as the Managing Director of the Company shall be
given all necessary powers as are required for purposes of the daily business
and affairs of the Company.
     The Board may also confer any special powers upon one or more attorneys of
its choice.
     Article 19: Without prejudice to the performance of the duties delegated,
any transaction which binds the Company must, to be valid, be signed by either
the Chairman, the Managing Director (if there is one) or by two Directors. These
signatories shall not be required to prove to third parties that they hold the
powers under which they are acting.
     Article 20: No contract or other transaction between the Company and any
other Corporation or entity shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that
any one or more of the Directors or officers of the Company is interested in or
is a Director or employee of such other Corporation or entity. Any Director or
officer

                                      8
<PAGE>
of the Company who serves as director, officer or employee of any corporation or
entity with which the Company shall contract or otherwise engage in business
shall not by reason of such affiliation with such other corporation or entity be
prevented from considering and voting or acting upon any matters with respect to
such contracts or other business.
     All transactions, deeds and acts between the Company and any shareholder,
or with any company which is directly or indirectly controlled by a shareholder,
or which a shareholder has a direct or indirect interest in or a commercial
relationship with, shall be carried out on an arm's length basis.
     Article 21: Subject to the exceptions and limitations listed below:
     (i) Every person who is, or has been, a Director or officer of the Company
shall be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law
against liability and against all expenses reasonably incurred or paid by him in
connection with any claim, action, suit or proceedings in which he becomes
involved as a party or otherwise by virtue of his being or having been such
Director or officer and against amounts paid or incurred by him in the
settlement thereof.
     (ii) The words "claim", "action", "suit" or "proceeding" shall apply to all
claims, actions, suits or proceedings (civil, criminal or otherwise, including
appeals), actual or threatened and the words "liability" and "expenses" shall
include without limitation attorney's fees, costs, judgments, amounts paid in
settlement and other liabilities.
     No indemnification shall be provided to any Director or officer:
     (i) Against any liability to the Company or its shareholders by reason of
willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the
duties involved in the conduct of his office;
     (ii) With respect to any matter as to which he shall have been finally
adjudicated to have acted in bad faith and not in the interest of the Company;
or
     (iii) In the event of a settlement, unless the settlement has been approved
by a Court of competent jurisdiction or by the Board of Directors of the
Company.
     The right of indemnification herein provided shall be severable, shall not
affect any other rights to which any Director or officer of the Company may now
or hereafter be entitled, shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be
such Director or officer of the Company and shall inure to the benefit of the
heirs, executors and administrators of such person. Nothing contained herein
shall affect any rights to indemnification to which corporate personnel,
including Directors and officers, may be entitled by contract or otherwise under
law.
     Expenses in connection with the preparation and representation of a defense
of any claim, action, suit or proceeding of the character described in this
Article 21 may be advanced by the Company prior to final disposition there of
upon receipt of any undertaking by or on behalf of the officer or Director, to
repay such amount if it is ultimately determined that he is not entitled to
indemnification under this Article 21.

                                      9
<PAGE>
     Article 22: The general meeting may allot to the directors fixed or
proportional emoluments and fees which shall be recorded in the books under the
heading of general expenses.
                           CHAPTER 4. GENERAL MEETING
     Article 23: The general meeting properly constituted represents the whole
body of shareholders. Its decisions are binding on shareholders who are absent,
opposed or abstaining from voting.
     The general meeting has the broadest powers to do or ratify all acts which
concern the Company.
     Article 24: The annual general meeting shall ipso facto convene in the
municipality of the registered office on the fourth Friday in May. Should this
be a holiday, the meeting will take place on the first working day following, at
the same time.
     The annual general meeting will hear the statement of the Board of
Directors and the Auditors, vote on the adoption of such report and the accounts
and on the distribution of profits, proceed to make all nominations required by
the Articles of Incorporation, act on the discharge of the Directors and the
Auditors, and take such further action on other matters that may properly come
before such meeting.
     Any other general meetings shall be held either at the registered office or
at any other place stated in the convening notice made by the Board of
Directors.
     Article 25: The Board of Directors shall be responsible for calling both
ordinary and extraordinary general meetings.
     The Board shall be obligated to call a general meeting, to be held within
thirty (30) days after receipt of such request, whenever a group of shareholders
representing at least one-tenth of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to
vote thereat requests such a meeting in writing indicating the agenda thereof.
General meetings may also be called by the Chairman or any two Directors,
without prejudice to rights which may be granted by law to shareholders to
propose additional items to the agenda of the meeting or to propose draft
resolutions.
     Article 26: General meetings shall be chaired by the Chairman or, in his
absence, by a Director or other person appointed by the Board.
     The agenda of general meetings shall be prepared by the Board. The agenda
must be set forth in the convening notice for the meeting and no point not
appearing on the agenda may be considered, including the dismissal and
appointment of Directors.
     The participants in the meeting may, if they deem fit, choose from their
own number, two scrutineers. The other members of the Board of Directors present
will complete the bureau of the meeting. A record will be taken of those
shareholders present and represented, which will be certified as correct by the
bureau.
     Annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings shall only be
validly constituted and may only validly deliberate by complying with applicable
legal provisions.

                                       10
<PAGE>
     Notices for general meetings shall be given by advertisement in such media
as selected by the Board of Directors and :
     a) by e-mail to shareholders who have indicated in the Register an e-mail
address, sent not later than twenty one (21) days before the date set for the
meeting. Notices hereunder shall be deemed given when the e-mail was sent by the
relevant Registrar or Agent; or
     b) by mail, postage prepaid, to all holders of Common Shares, sent to the
address recorded in the Register(s), and posted not later than twenty one (21)
days before the date set for the meeting. Notices hereunder shall be deemed to
be given when deposited in the mail as aforesaid.
     Notices for a second meeting for lack of quorum at a first meeting and the
related record date will be as determined by law.
     General meetings, both ordinary and extraordinary, may convene and their
discussions shall be valid, even if no previous notice of meeting has been
given, on any occasion when all the shareholders entitled to vote thereat shall
be present or represented and agree to discuss the matters shown in the agenda.
     A shareholder may be represented at a general meeting by a proxy who need
not be a shareholder and the proxy holder may represent an unlimited number of
shareholders. Written proxies for any general meeting of shareholders shall be
deposited with the Company at its registered office or with any Director at
least five (5) days before the date set for the meeting.
     Proxies so deposited will remain valid and will be used at any postponed
meeting for lack of quorum or pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors
unless specifically revoked before the date of such postponed meeting.
     The Board of Directors may also organise the possibility to vote by
correspondence and supply adequate forms.
     During meetings, each member of the meeting shall have as many votes as the
number of Common Shares that he represents, both in his name and as proxy.
     Article 27: The Board of Directors may fix in advance a date, not exceeding
such period as may be provided by law preceding the date of any meeting of
shareholders or the date for the payment of any dividend or the date for the
allotment of rights or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of
shares shall go into effect, or may fix a date in connection with obtaining any
consent of shareholders, as a record date for the determination of the
shareholders entitled to notice of any such meeting, or to receive payment of
any such dividend, or to receive any such allotment of rights, or to exercise
the rights in respect of any such change, conversion or exchange of shares or to
give such consent notwithstanding any transfer of any Common Shares on the
register of the Company after any such closing or record date.
     Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing paragraph of this Article
27, the fixing of a record date shall be in conformity with the law and the
requirements of any exchange(s) on which the Common Shares of the Company may be
listed.

                                       11
<PAGE>
     Any shareholder who is not a natural person may give a power of attorney to
an authorised agent duly authorised for this purpose.
     The Board of Directors may organise participation of the Shareholders in
general meeting by electronic means.
                 CHAPTER 5. TRADING YEAR, ANNUAL REPORT, AUDIT,
                    DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS AND THE RESERVES
     Article 28: The Company's financial year shall begin on the first day of
December and end on the 30th day of November in each year.
     Article 29: Each year, for the financial year ended on the 30th day of
November, the Board of Directors shall prepare a balance sheet of assets and
liabilities and a profit and loss account and to the extent required by law
consolidated financial statements. The necessary amortisations must be made.
     The Board of Directors report shall be annexed to such balance sheet and to
the extent required by law to such consolidated and unconsolidated balance
sheets and consolidated and unconsolidated profit and loss accounts and these
reports and documents shall contain the details required by law.
     Such financial statement shall be audited by the independent Auditors
nominated by the shareholders in general meeting.
     A copy of all such documents together with the independent auditors report
shall be forwarded, at least twenty one (21) days before the date fixed for the
general meeting to which they are to be submitted, to all shareholders.
     Article 30: The favourable surplus on the unconsolidated balance sheet,
after deduction of general and operational expenses, corporate charges and
necessary amortisation, shall be the profit of the Company.
     The net profit thus arrived at, shall be subject to a deduction of five (5)
percent, to be allocated to a legal reserve fund; this deduction will cease to
be obligatory when the reserve fund reaches one-tenth of the issued stated share
capital. Any paid-in surplus may be allocated to the legal reserve or may be
applied towards the payment of dividends on Common Shares or to offset capital
losses (whether realised or unrealised) or to capitalise the par value of any
free Common Shares.
     The allocation of the balance of the profit shall be determined annually by
the ordinary general meeting on the basis of recommendations made by the Board
of Directors.
     This allocation may include the distribution of dividends, of bonus shares
or of subscription rights, the creation or maintenance of reserve funds,
contingency provisions, and also carrying the balance forward to the account for
the next financial year.
     Dividends which may be allocated on Common Shares shall be paid at the
places and on the dates decided by the Board of Directors.
     The General Meeting may authorise the Board of Directors to pay dividends
in any other currency from that in which the balance sheet is drawn up and make
to a final decision on the exchange rate of the dividend into the currency in
which payment will actually be made.

                                       12
<PAGE>
     The Board of Directors may also under the conditions laid down by law pay
interim dividends in cash or in kind (including by way of free shares).
     Article 31: The general meeting shall hear the reports of the Board of
Directors and the independent Auditors and shall discuss and approve the
consolidated and unconsolidated balance sheets.
     After the consolidated and unconsolidated balance sheets have been
approved, the general meeting shall take a special vote on the discharge of the
Directors. This discharge is only valid if the consolidated and unconsolidated
balance sheets contain no omission or false declaration which conceals or
misrepresents the true situation of the Company, and as to acts made ultra vires
the Articles of Incorporation or the law, only if such acts have been
specifically pointed out in the convening notice.
                       CHAPTER 6. DISSOLUTION, WINDING UP
     Article 32: At any time an extraordinary general meeting may, on the
recommendation of the Board of Directors, resolve upon the liquidation and
winding up of the Company. In such an event, the extraordinary general meeting
shall decide upon the method of liquidation and nominate one or more liquidators
whose task shall be to realise all movable and immovable assets of the Company
and to extinguish all liabilities. It shall, after the discharge and
satisfaction of all liabilities, set aside from the net assets resulting from
liquidation the sum needed to reimburse the amount of the Common Shares paid up
and unredeemed. Once all debts, charges and liquidation expenses have been met,
any balance resulting shall be paid to the holders of Common Shares.
                 CHAPTER 7. RESTRICTION ON CERTAIN SHAREHOLDINGS
     Article 33:
     (a) In recognition of the fact that certain shareholdings may threaten the
Company with Imminent and Grave Damage (as defined hereinafter), including but
not limited to that arising from adverse tax consequences, a hostile takeover
attempt or adverse governmental sanctions, the following restrictions shall
apply to all persons who become Shareholders:
     o no U.S. Person (as defined hereinafter) shall own, directly or
indirectly, more than 9.9% of the Common Shares; and
     o all Shareholders of any single country may not own, directly or
indirectly, more than 49.9% of the Common Shares, in the aggregate.
     (b) For the purposes of implementing and enforcing the terms hereof the
Board of Directors may, and may instruct any Director, officer or employee of
the Company, to do any one or more of the following to the extent deemed
appropriate:
     (i) decline to issue any Common Shares and decline to register any transfer
of Common Shares where it appears to it that such registration or transfer would
or might result in beneficial ownership of such Common Shares by a Person who is
precluded from holding Common Shares or acquiring additional Common Shares in
the Company;

                                       13
<PAGE>
     (ii) at anytime require any Person whose name is entered in, or any Person
seeking to register the transfer of Common Shares on, the Register(s) to furnish
it with any information, supported by affidavit, which it may consider necessary
for the purpose of determining whether or not beneficial ownership of such
shareholder's shares rests or will rest in a Person who is precluded from
holding Common Shares or a proportion of the capital of the Company;
     (iii) where it appears to the Board that any person who is precluded in
whole or in part from holding Common Shares in the Company, either alone or in
conjunction with any other Person, is a beneficial owner of Common Shares in
excess of the amount such Person is permitted to hold, compulsorily purchase
from any such shareholder or shareholders any or all Common Shares held by such
shareholder as the Board may deem necessary or advisable in order to satisfy the
terms of these Articles of Incorporation; and
     (iv) decline to accept the vote of any Person who is precluded from holding
Common Shares in the Company at any meeting of shareholders of the Company in
respect of the Common Shares which he is precluded from holding.
     (c) Any purchase pursuant to subsection (b) above shall be effected in the
following manner:
     (i) The Company shall serve a notice (hereinafter called a "Purchase
Notice") upon the shareholder or shareholders appearing in the Register(s) as
the owner of the Common Shares to be purchased, specifying the Common Shares to
be purchased as aforesaid, the price to be paid for such Common Shares, and the
place at which the purchase price in respect for such Common Shares is payable.
Any such notice may be served upon such shareholder or shareholders by posting
the same in a prepaid registered envelope addressed to each such shareholder at
is latest address known to the Company or appearing in the Register(s). The said
shareholders shall thereupon forthwith be obliged to deliver to the Company the
confirmation of entry or other evidence of ownership in respect of the Common
Shares specified in the Purchase Notice. Immediately after the close of business
on the date specified in the Purchase Notice, each such shareholder shall cease
to be the owner of the Common Shares specified in such notice and his name shall
be removed from the Register(s).
     (ii) The price at which the shares specified in any Purchase Notice shall
be purchased (herein called the "purchase price") shall be an amount equal to
the lesser of (A) the aggregate amount paid for the shares (if acquired within
the preceding twelve months from the date of any such Purchase Notice) or (B) in
case the Common Shares shall be listed on any exchange or otherwise quoted in
any market (including, but not limited to, the National Association of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System in the United States), the last
price quoted for the Common Shares on the business day immediately preceding the
day on which the notice is served, or if the shares shall not be so listed or
quoted, the book value per Common Share determined by the independent Auditors
of the Company for the time being on the date as of which a balance sheet was
most

                                       14
<PAGE>
recently prepared prior to the day of service of the Purchase Notice; provided,
however, that the Board may cause the amount calculated under clause (B) hereof
to be paid in situations where clause (A) would otherwise apply and would result
in a lower purchase price if the Board determines that inequities would
otherwise result after taking into account the following as to any such
shareholder so affected: (1) length of time the affected Common Shares were
held; (2) the number of Common Shares so affected; (3) whether such
shareholdings would have resulted in Imminent and Grave Damage to the Company
and the circumstances relating thereto; and (4) any other situations or
circumstances which the Board may legally consider in making such a
determination, subject to the condition that, if the regulations governing the
listing of the shares on any exchange or market restrict the price or other
terms on which such shares may be repurchased, the price calculated pursuant to
this Article 33(c)(ii) shall only apply to the extent that such price conforms
with such regulations and if the price calculated pursuant to this clause does
not so conform the price paid for the shares shall be the highest price that can
be paid for such shares which is consistent with such regulations.
     (iii) Payment of the purchase price will be made to the owner of such
Common Shares in U.S. Dollars except during periods of U.S. Dollar exchange
restrictions (in which case the currency of payment shall be at the Board's
discretion) and will be deposited by the Company with a bank in Luxembourg, the
United States or elsewhere (as specified in the Purchase Notice) for payment to
such owner upon surrender of the share certificate or certificates (if any) or
the confirmation of entry or other evidence of ownership representing the Common
Shares specified in such notice. Upon deposit of such price as aforesaid, no
Person interested in the Common Shares specified in such Purchase Notice shall
have any further interest in such shares or any of them, or any claim against
the Company or its assets in respect thereof, except the right of the
shareholder appearing as the owner thereof to receive the price so deposited
(without interest) from such bank upon effective surrender of the documents as
aforesaid.
     (d) For the purposes of this Article 33, any Person holding Common Shares
in its name solely as depositary or nominee in the ordinary course of its
business and without any beneficial interest therein shall not be deemed to be a
holder of such Common Shares, provided such depositary shall disclose the name
and particulars of the beneficial owner of such Common Shares immediately upon
request by the Company.
                             CHAPTER 8. DEFINITIONS
     Article 34: For the purpose of these Articles of Incorporation:
     (a) An "Affiliate" of, or a Person "affiliated" with, a specified Person,
is a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Person
specified.
     (b) The term "Associate" used to indicate a relationship with any Person,
means (i) any corporation or organisation (other than the Company or a
subsidiary of the Company) of which such Person is an officer or partner or is,
directly or

                                       15
<PAGE>
indirectly, the beneficial owner of ten (10) percent or more of any class of
equity securities, (ii) any trust or other estate in which such Person serves
as, trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity, and (3) any relative or spouse
of such Person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same home as such
Person or who is a director or officer of the Company or any of its parents or
subsidiaries.
     (c) "Imminent and Grave Damage" shall have the meaning given thereto under
the Luxembourg Company Law of August 10, 1915, as amended.
     (d) "Person" means any individual, firm, corporation or other entity, and
shall include any Affiliate or Associate of such Person and any Group comprised
of any Person and any other Person with whom such Person or any Affiliate or
Associate of such Person has any agreement, arrangement or understanding,
directly or indirectly, for the purpose, of acquiring, holding, voting or
disposing of Shares.
     (e) "Subsidiary" means any corporation with respect to which the Company
beneficially owns securities that represent a majority of the votes that all
holders of securities of such corporation can cast with respect to elections of
directors.
     (f) "U.S. Person" means (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of
the United States; (b) a corporation, partnership, association or other entity
organised or created under the laws of the United States or any state or
subdivision thereof; (c) an estate or trust subject to United States federal
income tax without regard to the source of its income; (d) any corporation or
partnership organised or created under the laws of any jurisdiction outside of
the United States if any of its shareholders or partners are, directly or
indirectly, U.S. Persons as defined under clauses (a) through (c) above; (e) any
trust or estate, the income of which from sources without the United States
which is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business
within the United States is not inclusive in gross income for United States
Federal income tax purposes, with respect to which there is a beneficiary which
is a U.S. Person as defined under clauses (a) through (c) above; or (f) any
corporation organised or created under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the
United States, any of the outstanding capital stock of which is subject to an
option to acquire such stock held directly by a U.S. Person as defined in
clauses (a) through (c) above, and "United States" and "U.S." means the United
States of America, its territories, possessions and areas subject to its
jurisdiction.
     (g) References to "dollars", "U.S. dollars" or to "cents" shall mean the
currency of the United States of America.
     (h) References to "free" shares shall be to Common Shares issued pursuant
to the terms hereof without cash consideration, e.g., in the case of share
dividends.
                            CHAPTER 9. MISCELLANEOUS
     Article 35: In any case not governed by these Articles of Incorporation,
ordinary and extraordinary general meetings of the shareholders of the Company
shall be governed by Luxembourg law in particular the Company Law of August 10,
1915, as amended and the Luxembourg law introducing the Directive

                                       16
<PAGE>
2007/36/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 July 2007 on the
exercise of certain shareholders in listed companies (the "Directive").
     In the event that any one or more provisions contained in these Articles of
Incorporation shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
shall not affect any other provision of these Articles, and the Articles shall
be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision were not
contained herein.
     Article 36: In order not to unduly limit the rights and prerogatives of the
Company resulting from the introduction of the Directive and amendments and
improvements resulting from a restatement of the company law, (the "amendments")
each time the Directive as enforced and the Restated Company law contain
provisions which are not contemplated by these Articles of Incorporation, the
Board of Directors has authority to provide such rules and procedures for the
implementation of the rights and prerogatives resulting therefrom, even if such
provisions are at variance to these Articles of Incorporation, as long as they
(i) are not formally prohibited by the Articles of Incorporation or (ii) do not
require formal amendments to the Articles or (iii) do not rule differently the
authority to apply such amendments.
        CHAPTER 10. TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF CLASS A SHARES
     Article 37: Class A Shares are non-voting shares and, except as set forth
below in this Article 37, shall be entitled to only those rights as are granted
by applicable law.
     The holders of any issued Class A Shares shall be entitled to any notice of
general meeting in accordance with the provisions of Article 26, paragraph two
hereof.
     In the event of issuance of Class A Shares, at the time of payment of any
dividends, the priorities of payment of dividends set forth in Article 30,
paragraph four hereof, shall be modified to read, and shall be construed, as
follows:
     o ten percent (10%) of the par value thereof (i.e. U.S. $2.00 per share) to
Class A Shares as a preferred dividend;
     o U.S. $0.20 per share to Common Shares ; and
     o thereafter, Common Shares and Class A Shares shall participate equally in
all further amounts.
     In the event of issuance of Class A Shares, at the time of a liquidation of
the Company, the priorities set forth in Article 32 shall be modified to read,
and shall be construed, as:
     o Class A Shares to the extent, if any, of accrued, unpaid and preferred
dividends on such shares, and thereafter ratably to the full aggregate issuance
price thereof;
     o Common Shares ratably to the extent of the par value thereof (i.e. U.S.
$2.00 per share);
     o Common Shares ratably to the full aggregate issue price thereof; and

                                       17
<PAGE>
     o thereafter, Common Shares and Class A Shares shall participate equally in
all remaining assets.
     This Article 37 and all of the rights granted to the Class A Shares
hereunder shall expire, without any further action of the Company, on December
31, 2010.
     These articles of incorporation are worded in English followed by a French
translation and in case of any divergence between the English and the French
text, the English text shall prevail.

                                       18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99_1.txt
<TEXT>
                                                        [GRAPHIC OMITTED] Acergy

                            Acergy S.A. Extraordinary
                         General Meeting of Shareholders

London, England - February 16, 2010 - Acergy S.A. (NASDAQ-GS: ACGY; Oslo Stock
Exchange: ACY), advises that at the Extraordinary General Meeting of
Shareholders ("the Meeting") on February 16, 2010 agenda item 1 was approved by
shareholders.

The minutes of the Meeting detailing the resolution proposed and the result of
the poll on item 1 is attached.

********************************************************************************

Acergy S.A. is a seabed-to-surface engineering and construction contractor to
the offshore oil and gas industry worldwide. We provide integrated services, and
we plan, design and deliver complex projects in harsh and challenging
environments.

********************************************************************************

Contacts:
Karen Menzel
Acergy S.A.
+44 (0)20 8210 5568
karen.menzel@acergy-group.com
www.acergy-group.com

If you no longer wish to receive our press releases please contact:
karen.menzel@acergy-group.com

Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements made in this announcement may
include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act and Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These
statements may be identified by the use of words like "anticipate," "believe,"
"estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "forecast," "project," "will,"
"should," "seek," and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements
reflect our current views and assumptions and are subject to risks and
uncertainties. The following factors, and others which are discussed in our
public filings and submissions with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
are among those that may cause actual and future results and trends to differ
materially from our forward-looking statements: the general economic conditions
and competition in the markets and businesses in which we operate; our
relationship with significant clients; the outcome of legal and administrative
proceedings or government enquiries; uncertainties inherent in operating
internationally; the impact of laws and regulations; and operating hazards,
including spills and environmental damage. Many of these factors are beyond our
ability to control or predict. Given these factors, you should not place undue
reliance on the forward-looking statements.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
