exv99w1






Exhibit 1






     
     
     





    

     
    NEWS RELEASE            
     
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE






Agrium expands Retail footprint in Argentina



July 6, 2010- ALL AMOUNTS ARE STATED IN U.S.$


CALGARY, Alberta — Agrium Inc. (TSX and NYSE: AGU) announced today the completion of the
acquisition of 24 retail farm centers in Argentina from DuPont Crop Protection, as well as its
world-class crop protection formulation facility in Casilda, Argentina.


Annual expected revenue from the retail farm centers is about $57 million. The Casilda formulation
facility provides a versatile range of herbicides, insecticides, and fungicides for the Argentina
market, as well as toll manufacturing for third party companies. This brings the total number of
Agrium’s retail farm centers in South America under the Agroservicios Pampeanos (ASP) name to 56
outlets.


“This acquisition is a great strategic growth opportunity for Agrium,” said Mike Wilson, Agrium
President and CEO. “Not only will it solidify our current retail presence in Argentina, it will
also strengthen existing strategic partnerships and allow us to better meet the needs of the local
growers. This acquisition brings further diversity to our South American portfolio and is expected
to allow for the expansion of our Loveland crop protection products into other South American
countries. This is one more step toward reaching our growth targets for Retail, and we will
continue to cultivate opportunities to acquire attractive acquisitions in key markets.”


About Agrium


Agrium Inc. is a major retail supplier of agricultural products and services in both North and
South America and a leading global producer and marketer of agricultural nutrients and industrial
products. Agrium produces and markets three primary groups of
nutrients: nitrogen, phosphate and potash as well as controlled release fertilizers and micronutrients. Agrium’s
strategy is to grow through incremental expansion of its existing operations and acquisitions as
well as the development, commercialization and marketing of new products and international
opportunities.



Forward-Looking Statements


Certain statements and other information included in this press release constitute “forward-looking
information” within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation or constitute
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable U.S. securities legislation
(together, “forward-looking statements”). All statements in this press release, other than those
relating to historical information or current conditions, are forward-looking statements,
including, but not limited to, estimates, forecasts and statements as to management’s expectations
with respect to, among other things, business and financial prospects, financial multiples and
accretion estimates, future trends, plans, strategies, objectives and expectations. Such
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties as well as various
assumptions and business sensitivities, including those referred to in the MD&A section of the
Corporation’s most recent Annual Report to Shareholders as well as those risk factors described in
the Corporation’s most recent Annual Information Form, which may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements of the Corporation to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause actual results to




 




 





differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
estimates, forecasts and statements as to management’s expectations with respect to, among other
things, business and financial prospects, financial multiples and accretion estimates, future
trends, plans, strategies, objectives and expectations, the ability to successfully integrate the
new assets into our existing retail business in an effective manner, general economic, market and
business conditions, weather conditions, crop prices, the supply and demand and price levels for
our major products, governmental and regulatory requirements and actions by Argentine governmental
authorities, including changes in government policy, changes in environmental, tax and other laws
or regulations and the interpretation thereof and other risk factors detailed from time to time in
Agrium’s reports filed with the SEC. Agrium disclaims any intention or obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of new information or
future events, except as may be required under applicable U.S. federal securities laws or
applicable Canadian securities legislation. These forward-looking statements are based on certain
assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and perception of historical trends,
current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we believe are
appropriate in the circumstances. All of the forward-looking statements contained herein are
qualified by these cautionary statements and by the assumptions that are stated or inherent in such
forward-looking statements. Although we believe these assumptions are reasonable, undue reliance
should not be placed on these assumptions and such forward-looking statements.



FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:



Investor/Media Relations:



Richard Downey, Senior Director, Investor Relations
(403) 225-7357



Todd Coakwell, Manager, Investor Relations
(403) 225-7437


Contact us at: www.agrium.com