Exhibit 99.5





Exhibit 99.5



 


51JOB, INC.



TO THE REGISTERED HOLDERS OF AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS (“ADRs”)
REPRESENTING COMMON SHARES OF
51JOB, INC.





     
     
     





    Please refer to the reverse side of this card for the Resolutions to be voted at the Meeting.





FOLD AND DETACH HERE



 






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    FOR
     
    AGAINST
     
     
     
    FOR
     
    AGAINST






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Res. 1

     
    o

     
    o

     
    Res. 4

     
    o

     
    o


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Res. 2

     
    o

     
    o

     
    Res. 5

     
    o

     
    o


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Res. 3

     
    o

     
    o
     
     
     
     
     
     






 






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     





    Address Change o Mark box, sign and indicate changes/comments below:
     
    Mark box at right if you wish to give a discretionary
proxy to a person designated by the Company.
PLEASE NOTE: Marking this box voids any other
instructions indicated above.
     
    o


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Sign Below
     
    Date:
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Please sign this Voting Instruction Card exactly as your name(s) appear(s) on
the face of this card and on the books of the Depositary. Joint owners should
each sign personally. Trustees and other fiduciaries should indicate the
capacity in which they sign, and where more than one name appears, a majority
must sign. If a corporation, this signature should be that of an authorized
officer who should state his or her title.





 

 




 





AGENDA



 






    1.
     
    To re-elect Mr. David K. Chao as a director of the Company.



     
 
    2.
     
    To re-elect Mr. Hiroyuki Honda as a director of the Company.



     
 
    3.
     
    To elect Mr. James Jianzhang Liang as a director of the Company.



     
 
    4.
     
    To re-elect Mr. Donald L. Lucas as a director of the Company.



     
 
    5.
     
    To re-elect Mr. Rick Yan as a director of the Company.





 





    
    
    





    51JOB, INC.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Depositary
P.O. Box 64506, St. Paul, MN 55164-0506

     
    Voting Instruction Card


     





JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the “Depositary”) has received advice that the Board of Directors of
51JOB, INC. (the “Company”) has announced an Annual General Meeting of Members (the “Meeting”) to
be held at the Company’s principal executive offices at Building 3, No. 1387, Zhang Dong Road,
Shanghai 201203, People’s Republic of China, on Wednesday, December 15, 2010, at 9:00 a.m., local
time, to take action in the Resolutions set forth on this Voting Instruction Card.


If you wish to have the Depositary, through its Nominee or Nominees, vote or execute a proxy to
vote the Common Shares represented by your ADRs in respect of such Resolutions at the Meeting,
kindly execute and forward to the Depositary, the attached Voting Instruction Card. The enclosed
postage paid envelope is provided for this purpose. This Voting Instruction Card should be executed
in such manner as to show clearly whether you desire the Nominee or the Nominees of the Depositary
to vote FOR or AGAINST the Resolutions, or any of them, as the case may be. You may include
instructions to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by the Company. The Voting
Instruction Card MUST be forwarded in sufficient time to reach the Depositary before 12:00 p.m.,
December 13, 2010. Only the registered ADR holders of record at the close of business on October
26, 2010, will be entitled to execute the attached Voting Instruction Card. If no Voting
Instruction Card is received by the Depositary before 12:00 p.m., December 13, 2010 or in the
manner required, the Depositary shall deem that you have instructed the Depositary to give a
discretionary voting proxy to a person designated by the Company to vote unvoted Common Shares.


The signatory, a registered holder of ADRs representing Common Shares of the Company of record on
October 26, 2010, hereby requests and authorizes the Depositary, through its Nominee or Nominees,
to vote or execute a proxy to vote the Common Shares of the Company represented by such ADRs
registered in the name of the signatory, on the Resolutions at the Meeting.


NOTE: In order to have the aforesaid shares voted, this Voting Instruction Card must be returned
before 12:00 p.m., December 13, 2010. The proxy materials, including the Company’s 2009 annual
report, are available at http://ir.51job.com under the heading “Annual Report.”


JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Depositary



PLEASE MARK, DATE AND SIGN ON REVERSE SIDE AND RETURN PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.



Please see reverse side for Voting Instructions.