ex99_1.htm





  
    EXHIBIT
99.1
     
    
     
    On
September 9, 2010, B Communications Ltd. (the “Company”) received notice from
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) advising the Company that, due to the
resignation of Ms. Hana Rado from the Company’s Board of Directors and Audit
Committee effective as of August 25, 2010, the Company no longer complies with
Nasdaq’s audit committee requirements as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule
5605(c)(2).  The Company has been provided a cure period to regain
compliance with such rule until the earlier of its next annual shareholders
meeting or August 25, 2011, or if its next annual meeting is held before
February 22, 2011, the Company has until February 22, 2011 to regain
compliance.
    
    Ms. Rado
qualified as an independent director, within the meaning of the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and NASDAQ, and as an outside
director, within the meaning of the Israeli Companies Law.  As a
result of Ms. Rado’s resignation, the Audit Committee consists of two members,
both of whom qualify as independent directors within the meaning of the rules of
the SEC and NASDAQ, one of whom also qualifies as an outside director under
Israeli law.
    
    Under
Israeli law, a public company is required to appoint at least two outside
directors, within the meaning of Israeli law, to its board of
directors.  Under the Israeli Companies Law, if the position of an
outside director becomes vacant and the company does not have two outside
directors in office at such time, the company is required to convene a general
meeting of shareholders as soon as possible, the agenda for which includes a
proposal for the election of a new outside director.
    
    The
Company is currently seeking a replacement for Ms. Hana Rado to serve on the
Company’s Board of Directors and Audit Committee, and intends to convene a
general meeting of shareholders immediately after an appropriate candidate has
been identified.  The Company intends to regain compliance with the
corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Listing Rules as expeditiously
as possible prior to the expiration of the applicable cure periods provided
under the Nasdaq Listing Rules.