[GRAPHIC OMITTED] Acergy
Acergy S.A.
c/o Acergy M.S. Limited
200 Hammersmith Road,
London W6 7DL, United Kingdom
T: +44 (0)20 8210 5500  F: +44 (0)20 8210 5501
www.acergy-group.com

                                                                January 15, 2010

Dear Shareholder,

An Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (the "Meeting") of Acergy S.A.
(the "Company") will be held on Tuesday February 16, 2010 at 12.00 p.m. (local
time) at the offices of SGG S.A., 412F, route d'Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg.

Due to the fact that the Company is incorporated in Luxembourg as a Societe
Anonyme Holding, the Company's affairs are governed by the provisions of
Luxembourg Company Law. Under these provisions and the provisions of the
Company's Articles of Incorporation, an Extraordinary General Meeting relates to
and considers matters of a formal nature. The matters to be addressed at the
Meeting are restricted to those in the attached Notice.

It was noted at the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on December
17, 2009 that the required quorum of 50% of the outstanding shares for
resolution 1 was not present and that meeting was therefore not able to consider
that resolution.

The Board of Directors has therefore decided to call the Meeting to consider
resolution 1. At this Meeting there is no requirement for quorum. However, to
approve the proposed resolution a 2/3rd majority of the votes cast at the
Meeting will be required.

In relation to this resolution, our letter of November 10, 2009 provided some
clarity as follows:

"Resolution 1: Adoption of amended Articles of Incorporation

The Directors propose the adoption of amended Articles of Incorporation. Key
proposed changes to the Articles are summarised below:

Article        Change
- ------------   -----------------------------------------------------------------
3              Changes in Luxembourg law mean that, as from 31 December 2010,
               the Company (either by statute or by Board decision) will no
               longer be subject to the requirements of the 1929 Luxembourg
               holding company law. A transitional provision is introduced to
               allow for this.

8              The Board's power, previously contained in Article 8, to restrict
(para 3)       transfers of shares in certain jurisdictions has been removed.

25             Extraordinary General Meetings can be called by shareholders
               representing one-tenth, rather than one-fifth as previously, of
               the issued share capital. This is in line with changes in
               Luxembourg law.

Registered Office                                         [GRAPHIC OMITTED] TAQL
412F, route d'Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg
Societe Anonyme Holding, R.C.S. Luxembourg B 43172
                                                                     Page 1 of 3

                                                        [GRAPHIC OMITTED] Acergy

Article        Change
- ------------   -----------------------------------------------------------------
27             The previous Article 27, which authorised the Board to close the
               shareholder register for up to 60 days preceding a shareholder
               meeting, dividend payment, allotment of rights, or share
               conversion or exchange, has been deleted. The Board retains the
               right to set a record date for such events.

33(a)          The restriction, previously contained in Article 33(a), on a
               shareholder holding more than 20% of the outstanding share
               capital without Board approval, has been removed.

33(a)          The Board's power to restrict or prevent ownership of shares
               where it believes that such ownership may result in "Imminent and
               Grave Danger" to the Company has been removed from Article 33(a).

33(c)(ii)      The mechanism for determining the price to be paid on a
               compulsory repurchase of shares (Article 33(c)(ii)) has been
               modified.

36             The new Article 36 delegates authority to the Board to make
               changes in line with the implementation into Luxembourg law of
               the European Directive on minority shareholdings.

The effect of the above changes is primarily to modify some Articles to reflect
changes in legislation and to remove restrictions which currently apply to
shareholdings, and which are not in conformity with current law or practice. The
removal of these restrictions is, we believe, in shareholders' interests.

Further changes have been made to improve the clarity of the Articles. The full
text of the proposed new Articles can be found on our website, at:
www.acergy-group.com/public/February2010EGM and can also be obtained from the
Company Secretary, Acergy S.A., 412F, route d'Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg."

Proxies already received for the December 17, 2009 Extraordinary General Meeting
remain valid for this Meeting and shareholders of record as of Friday October
30, 2009 are entitled to vote at the Meeting. Those Shareholders who have not
yet cast their votes may do so by submitting the enclosed Proxy Card as
instructed, or alternatively attend the Meeting in Luxembourg at the above
address. The new deadline for submission of votes for American Depositary
Receipt holders is February 8, 2010 and for holders of Common Shares February 9,
2010.

Enclosed with this mailing is the Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of
Shareholders and the Proxy Card.

If you wish your shares to be voted at the Meeting, please promptly sign, date
and return the enclosed Proxy Card to ensure that it will be received in time.

                                                                     Page 2 of 3

                                                        [GRAPHIC OMITTED] Acergy

If you require further information or clarification on the above, please contact
Karen Menzel, our Group Manager, Investor Relations at
karen.menzel@acergy-group.com.

The Company's Board of Directors recommends that you vote in favour of the
proposal to be considered at the Meeting.

Yours sincerely


 /s/ Sir Peter Mason K.B.E.
- ----------------------------
Sir Peter Mason K.B.E.
Chairman

                                                                     Page 3 of 3