Exhibit 99.3





Exhibit 99.3



51JOB, INC.



Building 3
No. 1387, Zhang Dong Road
Shanghai 201203
People’s Republic of China



2010 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF MEMBERS
TO BE HELD ON DECEMBER 15, 2010



PROXY STATEMENT



The Board of Directors is soliciting proxies for the 2010 Annual General Meeting of Members
(the “Meeting”) of 51job, Inc. (the “Company”) to be held on December 15, 2010 at 9:00am, local
time, or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The Meeting will be held at the Company’s
principal executive offices at Building 3, No. 1387, Zhang Dong Road, Shanghai 201203, People’s
Republic of China.


Members of record at the close of business on October 26, 2010 (the “Record Date”) of shares
in the capital of the Company may attend the Meeting and will be entitled to vote at the Meeting or
any adjournment or postponement thereof. The quorum for the Meeting shall be one or more members
present in person or by proxy holding not less than 33⅓% of the outstanding common shares of the
Company.


A member entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote instead
of him. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. Every member present in person or by proxy
shall be entitled to one vote in respect of each common share held by him on the Record Date.



PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON


At the Meeting, ordinary resolutions will be proposed as follows:


1. To re-elect Mr. David K. Chao as a director of the Company.


2. To re-elect Mr. Hiroyuki Honda as a director of the Company.


3. To elect Mr. James Jianzhang Liang as a director of the Company.


4. To re-elect Mr. Donald L. Lucas as a director of the Company.


5. To re-elect Mr. Rick Yan as a director of the Company.


In addition, the Meeting will transact any other business properly brought before the Meeting.


The Board of Directors recommends a vote “FOR” each proposal.


VOTING PROCEDURE FOR HOLDERS OF COMMON SHARES


For holders of the Company’s common shares, you should vote by either attending the Meeting in
person or by mailing the attached proxy form as instructed therein.

 

1




 



VOTING PROCEDURE FOR HOLDERS OF AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES


JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as depositary of the American Depositary Shares (the “ADSs”), has
advised the Company that it intends to mail to all holders of ADSs the Notice of the Meeting, this
Proxy Statement and an ADS Voting Instruction Card. Upon the delivery of a signed and completed ADS
Voting Instruction Card as instructed therein, the depositary will endeavor, to the extent
practicable, to vote or cause to be voted the amount of common shares represented by the ADSs,
evidenced by American Depositary Receipts related to those ADSs, in accordance with the
instructions set for in such request. As the holder of record for all the common shares represented
by the ADSs, only the depositary may vote those common shares at the Meeting. Holders of ADSs may
attend, but may not vote at, the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.


The depositary and its agents are not responsible if they fail to carry out your voting
instructions or for the manner in which they carry out your voting instructions.


If (1) the enclosed ADS Voting Instruction Card is signed but is missing voting instructions,
(2) the enclosed ADS Voting Instruction Card is improperly completed or (3) no ADS Voting
Instruction Card is received by the depositary from a holder of the ADSs by December 13, 2010, the
depositary shall deem such holder of ADSs to have instructed it to give a discretionary proxy to a
person designated by the Company to vote as the designated person so authorize.


AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS


The proxy materials, including the Company’s 2009 annual report, are available at
http://ir.51job.com under the heading “Annual Report.” You may request a hard copy of these
documents by sending an email to the Investor Relations Department at investor.relations@51job.com
or by calling +86-21-6879-6250. There is no charge to you for requesting a copy.


DEADLINE FOR MEMBER PROPOSALS


For proposals from members to be considered and included in the proxy statement for the 2011
Annual General Meeting of Members, you must submit your proposal in writing and deliver it to the
attention of the Company Secretary before July 1, 2011 at Building 3, No. 1387, Zhang Dong Road,
Shanghai 201203, People’s Republic of China. The submission of a proposal does not assure that it
will be included in the proxy statement or the proxy form.

 

2




 



PROPOSAL NO. 1 TO NO. 5



ELECTION OF DIRECTORS



The Board of Directors currently consists of five members, four of them are non-executive
directors and one is a member of management. In accordance with the Company’s Fifth Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting, all of the
directors for the time being shall retire from office, retaining office until the close of such
meeting, and shall be eligible for re-election. Each director shall serve until his successor is
duly elected and qualified or until his death, resignation or removal. The Company’s articles
presently authorize five board positions.


DIRECTORS FOR ELECTION AND RE-ELECTION


David K. Chao has been a director of the Company since 2000. Mr. Chao is a Co-founder and
Managing General Partner of DCM, an early stage technology venture capital firm that manages US$1.6
billion. DCM is headquartered in Menlo Park, California and also has offices in Beijing, China and
Tokyo, Japan. Prior to joining DCM, Mr. Chao was a founding executive of Japan Communications,
Inc., a public provider of mobile data and voice communications services in Japan. He also worked
as a management consultant at McKinsey & Company in San Francisco. Prior to that, Mr. Chao worked
in marketing and product management at Apple Computer and was an account executive for Recruit Co.,
Ltd. Mr. Chao serves on the boards of directors of numerous DCM portfolio companies. He is a
Management Board member of the Stanford Graduate School of Business Board of Trustees. He also
serves on the board of directors of Legend Capital. Mr. Chao received his Bachelor of Arts degree
in Economics and East Asian Studies (Anthropology) with high honors from Brown University and his
Master of Business Administration degree from Stanford University.


Hiroyuki Honda has been a director of the Company since July 2006. Mr. Honda is an executive
vice president of Recruit Co., Ltd., a leading human resource services provider in Japan, and has
been a director of Recruit since 2005. Mr. Honda joined Recruit in 1984 and is currently in charge
of the Corporate Planning Office and Business Development Office. Mr. Honda also serves as a board
member of Recruit’s various joint ventures with Toyota Motor Corporation and Yahoo! Japan
Corporation. In over two decades at Recruit, Mr. Honda has acted as General Manager of the
Corporate Planning Office and New Generation Business Development Group, and led Recruit’s human
resource related business group. Mr. Honda received his Bachelor of Law degree in Labor Law from
Hokkaido University in 1984.


James Jianzhang Liang was appointed a director of the Company in October 2010. Mr. Liang is a
co-founder and the chairman of the board of directors of Ctrip.com International, Ltd., a leading
travel service provider of hotel accommodations, airline tickets, packaged tours and corporate
travel management in China. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Ctrip from 2000 to January 2006
and has been a member of Ctrip’s board of directors since inception. Prior to founding Ctrip, Mr.
Liang held a number of technical and managerial positions with Oracle Corporation from 1991 to 1999
in the United States and China, including the head of the ERP consulting division of Oracle China
from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Liang also serves on the board of directors of Home Inns & Hotel Management
Inc. Mr. Liang received his Bachelor and Master degrees from the Georgia Institute of Technology.
He also attended an undergraduate program at Fudan University.


Donald L. Lucas has been a director of the Company since February 2004. In 1960, Mr. Lucas
began a seven-year participation, including acting as both a general partner and a limited partner
with Draper, Gaither & Anderson, the first venture capital firm organized on the West Coast in the
United States. Since 1967, Mr. Lucas has been actively engaged in venture capital activities as a
private individual. Mr. Lucas currently serves as a board member of Cadence Design Systems, Inc.,
DexCom, Inc., Oracle Corporation and Vimicro International Corporation. He also serves as a
director for several privately held companies. Mr. Lucas is the former chairman of the board of the
Stanford Institute for Economic Policy and Research and a Trustee of the University of Santa Clara.
Mr. Lucas received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Stanford University and his Master of Business
Administration degree from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.

 

3




 



Rick Yan has been a director, chief executive officer and president of the Company since 2000.
He is responsible for the Company’s overall strategy and management. Mr. Yan was an investor and
advisor of the Company from its inception and prior to his appointment as chief executive officer.
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Yan was a Director and the Head of China Practice at Bain &
Company, an international strategy consulting company. He joined the firm in London in 1989,
returned to Asia and set up Bain & Company’s Hong Kong and Beijing offices in 1991 and 1993,
respectively. In his 11-year tenure with Bain & Company, Mr. Yan was widely acknowledged as an
expert in the consumer products and technology sectors. Prior to his affiliation with Bain &
Company, Mr. Yan worked at Hewlett-Packard in Hong Kong for four years and was awarded Marketing
Executive of the Year. Mr. Yan received his Bachelor of Engineering degree and Master of Philosophy
degree from the University of Hong Kong and his Master of Business Administration degree with
distinction from INSEAD in France.


The Board of Directors recommends a vote “FOR” the election of each director nominee.

 

4




 



ACCESS TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES


The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which is available at
http://ir.51job.com under the heading “Code of Conduct.” The committee charters for the Audit
Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of
Directors is available at http://ir.51job.com under the heading “Committee Charters.”


Copies of the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics as well as the committee charters
will be provided free of charge upon written request to the Investor Relations Department by mail
at Building 3, No. 1387, Zhang Dong Road, Shanghai 201203, People’s Republic of China.


OTHER MATTERS



The Board of Directors knows of no other business that will be presented at the Meeting. If
any other business is properly brought before Meeting, proxies in the enclosed form will give
authority to the proxy holders to vote on such matters at their discretion.




     
     
     




     

     
    By Order of the Board of Directors,


     
     
     


     
     
     


     

     
    /s/ Rick Yan


     

     
     


     

     
    Rick Yan


     

     
    Director, Chief Executive Officer, President and


     

     
    Company Secretary


     
     
     


     

     
    October 26, 2010






 

5