ex99_1.htm





  
    EXHIBIT
99.1
    
     
    B Communications New Series
Debentures Receive an A2 Stable Rating
    
    Ramat-Gan, Israel – September 1, 2010
- B Communications Ltd. (NASDAQ Global Market and TASE: BCOM) (“BCOM” or
the “Company”) today announced that
Midroog Ltd., an Israeli rating company affiliated with Moody’s, has
awarded the Company’s new Series debentures an A2 stable rating. The rating was
secured in advance of BCOM’s intended issuance of up to NIS 400 million of
six-seven year Series debentures (in one or few series).
    
    In
awarding the Series debentures an A2 stable rating, Midroog cited the following
factors: (1) the Company’s holding of the controlling interest in Bezeq, the
leading player in the Israeli communications market, which has an Aa1 stable
rating; (2) the leverage inherent in BCOM’s ownership of the controlling
interest in Bezeq; and (3) the financing structure for the acquisition of the
Bezeq interest, including the seniority of BCOM’s debt and its ability to repay
the financing secured to facilitate the Bezeq acquisition.
    
    Midroog
also based its assessment on the low level of business risk inherent in Israel’s
communications market, including (1) Bezeq’s position in Israel’s communications
market as the leading provider of diverse communications services to the Israeli
market; and (2) the strength of the Bezeq brand, which is supported by leading
technology and high-quality services and management.  The Aa1 stable
rating awarded to Bezeq’s debentures is based, in part, on its own leverage
levels, which enable it to cover its debt quickly.
    
    In
addition, Midroog gave consideration to forecasts regarding BCOM’s cash flow,
collateral, debt seniority, leverage levels and debt coverage capabilities.
These considerations led Midroog to award BCOM’s Series debentures a different
rating than it awarded Bezeq, BCOM’s underlying asset.
    
    About B Communications
Ltd.
     
    B
Communications Ltd. (NASDAQ Global Market and
TASE: BCOM) is a holding company with a single asset: the
controlling interest (approximately 30.41%) in Bezeq (www.bezeq.co.il),
Israel’s incumbent telecommunications provider. Bezeq is the leading player in
the majority of Israel’s telecommunications markets, including its fixed-line
and mobile voice and data, broadband, international long distance, multichannel
pay TV and other sectors. B Communications is a subsidiary of Internet Gold
(approximately 76.62%-owned) (NASDAQ Global Market and
TASE: IGLD) and is part of the Eurocom Group. For more information,
please visit the following Internet sites:
    
    www.eurocom.co.il     http://igld.com
    www.bcommunications.co.il/    www.ir.bezeq.co.il/
    
    Forward-Looking
Statements
    This
press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and
uncertainties.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, general business conditions in the industry, changes in the regulatory and
legal compliance environments, the failure to manage growth and other risks
detailed from time to time in B Communications’s filings with the Securities
Exchange Commission.  These documents contain and identify other
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in our projections or forward-looking
statements.  Stockholders and other readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date on which they are made.  We undertake no obligation to update
publicly or revise any forward-looking statement.
    
    For
further information, please contact:
    
    Idit
Azulay – IR director
    i.azulay@igld.com / Tel:
+972-3-924-0000
    
    Investor
relations contacts:
    Mor
Dagan - Investor Relations
    mor@km-ir.co.il
/ Tel:
+972-3-516-7620