Exhibit 99.1






Exhibit 99.1







Agria provides update to its strategic review and reaches agreement in principle to divest P3A



Beijing, China — June 29, 2010 —  Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) (the “Company” or “Agria”), a
China-based agriculture company with investments in key agriculture markets of China and New
Zealand, today provided an update to its strategic review and announced it has reached an agreement
in principle to divest Taiyuan Primalights III Agriculture Development Co., Ltd., or P3A, to Mr.
Frank Xue, the president and a director of P3A.


On September 14, 2009, Agria appointed Xie Tao as its chief executive officer and Christopher
Boddington as its chief financial officer and announced that Xie Tao would lead the management team
to conduct a comprehensive strategic review of the Company. On October 23, 2009, John Layburn
joined Agria as the chief strategy and compliance officer.


On March 10, 2010, Agria announced an update to its strategic review. This strategic review is
now largely complete and Agria has concluded the following as its key strategic priorities:





     
    •
     
    Growing a focused seed business in China. Agria believes that the PRC government
and the agricultural industry participants share the same goal of improving
agricultural productivity, which is evidenced by strong foreign and domestic investment
flowing into the agricultural industry in China. Agria considers that focusing on the
seed sector will best position it to achieve sustainable growth in the future.



     
 
     
    •
     
    Developing strong expertise in operational management. The agricultural sector in
China is highly fragmented with many small companies whose growth potential is hindered
by a lack of experienced operational management. Agria’s investment in and strategic
partnership with PGG Wrightson, which owns the largest seed company in the southern
hemisphere gives Agria an access to a management team experienced in running modern
international seed businesses. In June 2010, Agria also recruited Mr. Chuanli Zhou as
the head of its seeds division. Mr. Zhou has over 20 years of experience in the seed
industry in China and was previously the general manager of Shandong Denghai-PIONEER
Seed Company, a joint venture between Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc., a leading
international agricultural company, and Shandong Denghai Seeds Co.,Ltd.



     
 
     
    •
     
    Acquiring proprietary technologies. The seed industry is a technology-centered
business and companies with sufficient quantity and quality of proprietary technologies
have a significant competitive edge. Agria will continue to leverage its recent
investment in and partnership with CNAAS to develop proprietary technologies. Agria is
also at various stages of discussions regarding potential investments in seed companies
with proprietary seed producers.





P3A has historically been Agria’s principal operating entity with three production lines: corn
seeds, sheep products and seedlings. P3A’s financial and operating performance has declined since
2007. Agria has reached an agreement in principle to divest P3A to Mr. Frank Xue, the president and
a director of P3A. Through the proposed transaction, Agria would acquire Agria shares currently
held by Mr. Xue constituting 11.5% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Agria in
exchange for the transfer of all of Agria’s interest in P3A to Mr. Xue. Immediately following the
proposed transaction, Mr. Xue would hold approximately 6% of Agria shares. The leases with rent
prepaid in full over nine parcels of land totaling approximately 13,500 acres
currently held by P3A would be retained by the Agria group. After this transaction is completed,
Agria would cancel the shares acquired from Mr. Xue.

 

 




 



Agria’s audit committee, comprising entirely independent directors, is currently assessing
whether the proposed transaction would be in the best interest of its shareholders. The audit
committee has engaged external advisors, including a financial advisory firm, valuation firm and
legal counsel to assist them in assessing this transaction.


About Agria Corporation
Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) is a China-based agriculture company with investments in key
agriculture markets of China and New Zealand. Its portfolio of products sold in China includes
seeds, sheep products and seedlings. For more information about Agria Corporation, please visit
http://www.agriacorp.com.


Contacts:





     
     
     





    In China:

     
    In the U.S.:


    John Layburn

     
    David Pasquale


    Chief Strategy and Compliance Officer

     
    Senior Vice President


    China Tel: 86-10-8438 1031

     
    U.S. Tel: +914-337-1117


    john.layburn@agriacorp.com

     
    david.pasquale@agriacorp.com





Safe Harbor Statement:
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the “safe
harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “would,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “confident” and similar
statements. Agria may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports
to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 20-F and 6-K, etc., in its annual report to
shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts,
including statements about Agria’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks outlined
in Agria’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, Agria’s board
of directors will not approve the proposed transaction without the prior favorable recommendation
of its audit committee, and Agria’s audit committee may be unable to conclude that the proposed
transaction is in the best interest of its shareholders, in which case Agria may not consummate the
transaction to sell its interest in P3A to Mr. Xue or any other potential investor. All information
provided in this press release is as of the date of this announcement unless otherwise stated, and
Agria does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required
under applicable law.