exv99w3






Exhibit 99.3



Subscription Agreement



Agria Corporation (Agria Parent)
Agria Asia Investments Limited (Agria bvi)
Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (Agria Singapore)
New Hope Group (New Hope)







20th Floor, Lumley Centre, 88 Shortland Street, Auckland 1010
TEL + 64 9 3539700 FAX + 64 9 3539701
www.minterellison.co.nz



 




 



Subscription
Agreement





     
     
     
     
     





    Details
     
     
    3
     


     
     
     
     
     


    Agreed terms
     
     
    4
     


     
     
     
     
     


    1.   Defined terms and interpretation
     
     
    4
     


    1.1 Defined terms
     
     
    4
     


    1.2 Interpretation
     
     
    4
     


     
     
     
     
     


    2. Takeover Offer
     
     
    4
     


     
     
     
     
     


    3. Obligation to fund the takeover
     
     
    5
     


     
     
     
     
     


    4. Funding Mechanism
     
     
    5
     


     
     
     
     
     


    5.   Conditions
     
     
    6
     


    5.1 Conditions
     
     
    6
     


    5.2 Failure to satisfy conditions
     
     
    6
     


     
     
     
     
     


    6.   Representations and warranties
     
     
    6
     


    6.1 Capacity and powers
     
     
    6
     


     
     
     
     
     


    7.   Assignment
     
     
    6
     


    7.1 Successors
     
     
    6
     


    7.2 Parties may not assign
     
     
    7
     


     
     
     
     
     


    8.   Further Assurances
     
     
    7
     


    8.1 Further Assurances
     
     
    7
     


    8.2 Agria bvi
     
     
    7
     


     
     
     
     
     


    9.   Confidentiality
     
     
    7
     


    9.1 Confidentiality
     
     
    7
     


     
     
     
     
     


    10.   Notices
     
     
    7
     


    10.1 Service of notices
     
     
    7
     


    10.2 Effective on receipt
     
     
    8
     


     
     
     
     
     


    11.   Miscellaneous
     
     
    8
     


    11.1 Costs
     
     
    8
     


    11.2 Counterparts
     
     
    8
     


    11.3 No merger
     
     
    8
     


    11.4 Entire agreement
     
     
    8
     


    11.5 Relationship
     
     
    8
     


    11.6 Alterations
     
     
    8
     


    11.7 Announcements
     
     
    9
     


    11.8 Governing law
     
     
    9
     


     
     
     
     
     


    Signing page
     
     
    10
     









    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref:PJR — 20015799692080129

     
    | page 2






 




 



Details



Date 23 December 2010



Parties






     
     
     





    Name

     
    Agria Corporation


    Short name

     
    Agria Parent


     
     
     


    Name

     
    Agria Asia Investments Limited


    Short name

     
    Agria bvi


     
     
     


    Name

     
    Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.


    Short name

     
    Agria Singapore


     
     
     


    Name

     
    New Hope Group


    Short name

     
    New Hope





Background







    A      
    Agria Parent holds 100% of the shares in Agria bvi which holds 100% of the shares in Agria
Singapore (the 3 companies being referred to together as the Agria Companies).



     

B      
    Agria Singapore is the holder of 19.01% of the shares in PGG Wrightson Limited (PGW) and
Agria bvi is also the holder of convertible notes (CRN) issued by PGW.



     

C      

    The Agria Companies and New Hope have agreed to cooperate to enable Agria Singapore to
make a partial takeover offer to purchase an additional 38.3% of the shares in PGW not already
held by Agria pursuant to the New Zealand Takeovers Code in the event the parties agree to
proceed to make a takeover offer.



     



D      
    In this event Agria Parent and New Hope have agreed between themselves and with the other
Agria Companies to make the funds available to complete the purchase of shares in PGW
pursuant to a takeover offer as provided in this Agreement.








    
    
    




     




    



    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: PJR — 20015799692080129

     
    | page 3






 




 




Agreed
terms







    1.
     
    Defined terms and interpretation



     

    1.1
     
    Defined terms



     

     
     
    In this document:



     

     
     
    Agreement means this agreement.



     

     
     
    Business Day means a day on which registered banks are open for business in Auckland, New Zealand.



     

    1.2
     
    Interpretation



     

     
     
    In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, references to:









     
    (a)
     
    one gender includes the other;



     

     
    (b)
     
    the singular includes the plural and vice versa;



     

     
    (c)
     
    another grammatical form of a defined word or expression has a corresponding meaning;



     

     
    (d)
     
    a month or a year are references to a calendar month or calendar year (as the case may be);



     

     
    (e)
     
    any enactment includes statutes or statutory provisions or orders or regulations made
thereunder, and includes:









     
    (i)
     
    that statute, provision, order or regulation as amended, modified re enacted or replaced from
time to time (whether before or after the date of this Agreement); and



     

     
    (ii)
     
    any previous statute, statutory provision, order or regulation amended, modified, re enacted
or replaced by that statute, provision, order or regulation;









     
    (f)
     
    a party to this Agreement includes, so far as is consistent with the provisions of this
Agreement, that party’s executors, administrators, successors in title and assigns;



     

     
    (g)
     
    a reference to NZ$, dollar or $ are references to New Zealand currency; 






     

     
    (h)
     
    a reference to time is to New Zealand time;





     

     
    (i)
     
    a clause is a reference to a clause in this Agreement;



     

     
    (j)
     
    headings are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
Agreement; and



     

     
    (k)
     
    the meaning of general words is not limited by specific examples introduced by
“including”, “for example” or similar.









    2.
     
    Takeover Offer



     

     
     
    The parties agree that Agria Singapore will give notice to PGW of its intention to make a
takeover offer substantially in the form of the takeover offer annexed as an appendix to this
Agreement (Takeover Offer) the terms of which may be materially varied by Agria Singapore only with
the consent of New Hope.








    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref:PJR — 20015799692080129

     
    | page 4






 




 








    3.
     
    Obligation to fund the takeover



     

     
     
    Agria Parent and New Hope jointly and severally covenant with Agria bvi and Agria Singapore
that forthwith upon the Takeover Offer becoming unconditional, and prior to the date upon which
Agria Singapore makes payment for shares in PGW to be acquired pursuant to the Takeover Offer, they
will ensure that Agria Singapore is put in funds by way of Agria Parent and New Hope directly, or
indirectly through Agria bvi or another company in the Agria group of companies, subscribing and
paying for shares in Agria Singapore, which subscription may be made in conjunction with other
funding arrangements agreed by Agria Singapore, to enable Agria Singapore to meet its obligations
under the Takeover Offer, it being acknowledged that the obligation of Agria Singapore to complete
the purchase of shares in PGW pursuant to the Takeover Offer is subject to the terms and conditions
of the Takeover Offer including the requirement to obtain regulatory consents in New Zealand and
China. It is acknowledged and agreed that New Hope will be entitled to procure an associated
company of New Hope to perform the obligations of New Hope under this Agreement.



     

    4.
     
    Funding Mechanism



     

    4.1
     
    Agria Parent and New Hope will promptly and diligently consult together in good
faith in order to agree and implement a fair and equitable arrangement under which Agria bvi and
Agria Singapore will be funded (Funding Arrangement) so as to satisfy the funding obligations of
Agria Parent and New Hope under clause 3.



     

    4.2
     
    An example of a Funding Arrangement is as follows and assumes that Agria Parent and New
Hope will subscribe for shares in Agria bvi which will make an inter-company loan to Agria
Singapore. The example is a calculation which shows the number of Shares that New Hope would
subscribe for in Agria bvi:








     
     
     
     
     
     





     
    New Hope Consideration

     
     
     
    Original shares plus Additional


     
     
Agria Initial Value plus

     
     X

     
    Shares


     
    Agria Additional Consideration
     
     
     
     










     
     
    Where:



     

     
     
    Agria Initial Value is the to be agreed upon value of the initial holding of 144 million shares in
PGW and the CRN.



     

     
     
    Agria Additional Consideration is the consideration paid by Agria Parent for new shares in Agria
bvi for the purposes of the Takeover Offer.



     

     
     
    New Hope Consideration is the consideration paid by New Hope by way of subscription for new shares
in Agria bvi for the purposes of the Takeover Offer.



     

     
     
    Original Shares is the number of shares initially subscribed by Agria Parent in Agria bvi for the
purchase of the initial holding of 144 million shares in PGW and the CRN.



     

     
     
    Additional Shares is the additional shares subscribed for by Agria Parent in Agria bvi for the
purposes of the Takeover Offer.








    
    
    




     









    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts | Ref:PJR — 20015799692080129

     
    | page 5





 




 








    5.
     
    Conditions



     

    5.1
     
    Conditions



     

     
     
    The obligations of Agria Parent and New Hope under this Agreement shall be subject to, and
conditional upon, the following:









     
    (a)
     
    all necessary consents being obtained, including:









     
    (i)
     
    under the Overseas Investment Act 2005;



     

     
    (ii)
     
    under the regulatory requirements of China.









     
    (b)
     
    The Takeover Offer becoming unconditional in all respects in accordance with its terms
(including Agria Singapore having received acceptances under the Takeover Offer that, when taken
together with the shares in PGW already held by Agria Singapore, would (once the Takeover Offer is
declared unconditional and the relevant shares transferred to Agria Singapore) confer on Agria
Singapore not less than 50.01% of the voting rights in PGW); and



     

     
    (c)
     
    any necessary consents being obtained from PGW under the Subscription Agreement between
Agria Singapore and PGW dated 16 October 2009.









    5.2
     
    Failure to satisfy conditions



     

     
     
    If any of the conditions set out in clause 5.1 have not been satisfied or waived by 15 April
2011 (or such other date agreed in writing by the parties), either Agria Parent or New Hope may
cancel this Agreement by notice in writing to the other parties.



     

    6.
     
    Representations and warranties



     

    6.1
     
    Capacity and powers



     

     
     
    Each party represents and warrants to the other party that each of the following statements is
true and accurate as at the date of this Agreement:









     
    (a)
     
    if it is a body corporate, it is validly existing under the laws of its place of
incorporation or registration;



     

     
    (b)
     
    it has the power to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to
carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;



     

     
    (c)
     
    it has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into and performance of this
Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;



     

     
    (d)
     
    its obligations under this Agreement are valid, binding and enforceable against it in
accordance with their terms; and



     

     
    (e)
     
    it has entered into this Agreement on the basis of its own independent investigation and
assessment and after making its own enquiries in relation to the financial, legal and tax effect of
entering into and complying with the terms of this Agreement.









    7.
     
    Assignment



     

    7.1
     
    Successors



     

     
     
    This Agreement will be binding on, and enure for the benefit of, the parties and their
respective successors and their permitted assignees, nominees or transferees.








    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: PJR — 2001579969
2080129

     
    | page 6






 




 







    7.2
     
    Parties may not assign



     

     
     
    Neither party may assign or transfer all or any part of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other parties.



     

    8.
     
    Further Assurances



     

    8.1
     
    Further Assurances



     

     
     
    Each of the parties agrees that it shall issue, enter into, execute and deliver any agreement
or other document, including shares and transfers of title, and do all things as may be reasonably
required to facilitate and carry out the requirements, purpose and intention of this Agreement.



     

    8.2
     
    Agria bvi



     

     
     
    If Agria Parent and New Hope subscribe for shares in Agria bvi for the purposes of the
Takeover Offer, then Agria Parent and New Hope will adopt a constitution and enter into a
shareholders’ agreement with respect to Agria bvi, such documents to be in customary form for
transactions of a like nature and to provide for representation on the board of directors of Agria
bvi which reflects the respective holding of shares.



     

    9.
     
    Confidentiality



     

    9.1
     
    Confidentiality



     

     
     
    No party shall disclose to any other person any information relating or referring to the
matters dealt with in this Agreement except:









     
    (a)
     
    with the prior written consent of the other parties; or



     

     
    (b)
     
    where disclosure is required by law or is made in compliance with the order of any Court
of competent jurisdiction; or



     

     
    (c)
     
    disclosure of information which is in the public domain, if the relevant information has
entered the public domain otherwise than by reason of a breach of this clause by that party or a
related company of that party; or



     

     
    (d)
     
    disclosure to an independent financial, legal or accounting consultant to the disclosing
party or a related company of the disclosing party where such consultant needs to know such
information for the purposes of providing advice to the disclosing party or to a related company of
the disclosing party and the relevant consultant is under a duty or obligation to maintain the
confidentiality of the information being disclosed to it.









    10.
     
    Notices



     

    10.1
     
    Service of notices



     

     
     
    A notice, demand, consent, approval or communication under this Agreement (Notice) must be:









     
    (a)
     
    in writing, in English and signed by a person duly authorised by the sender; and



     

     
    (b)
     
    hand delivered or sent by prepaid post, facsimile or email to the recipient:



     

     
     
     
    c/o Minter Ellison Rudd WattsLumley Centre88 Shortland StreetAuckland 1010
Fax: 0064 4 353 9701Attention: Cathy Quinn.








    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: PJR — 2001579969
2080129

     
    | page 7






 




 








    10.2
     
    Effective on receipt



     

     
     
    A Notice given in accordance with clause 9.1 takes effect when taken to be received (or at a
later time specified in it), and is taken to be received:









     
    (a)
     
    if hand delivered, on delivery;



     

     
    (b)
     
    if sent by prepaid post, on the second Business Day after the date of posting to an
address within the country in which the notice was sent (or on the seventh Business Day after the
date of posting if posted to or from a place outside the country from which the notice was sent);



     

     
    (c)
     
    if sent by facsimile, on the date and time shown on the transmission report by the
machine from which the facsimile was sent which indicates that the facsimile was sent in its
entirety and in legible form to the facsimile number of the addressee notified for the purposes of
this clause but if the delivery, receipt or transmission is on a day which is not a Business Day or
is after 5.00 p.m. (addressee’s time), it is deemed to have been received at 9.00 a.m. on the next
Business Day; or



     

     
    (d)
     
    if sent by email, on the date and time at which it enters the addressee’s information
system (as shown in a confirmation of delivery report from the sender’s information system, which
indicates that email was sent to the email address of the addressee notified for the purposes of
this clause), but if the delivery, receipt or transmission is on a day which is not a Business Day
or is after 5.00 p.m. (addressee’s time), it is deemed to have been received at 9.00 a.m. on the
next Business Day.









    11.
     
    Miscellaneous



     

    11.1
     
    Costs



     

     
     
    Each party is to pay its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation
and execution of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated under it.



     

    11.2
     
    Counterparts



     

     
     
    This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and all executed counterparts constitute one
document.



     

    11.3
     
    No merger



     

     
     
    The rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement do not merge on completion of
any transaction contemplated by it.



     

    11.4
     
    Entire agreement



     

     
     
    This Agreement and the Shareholders’ Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the
parties in connection with their subject matter and supersede all previous agreements or
understandings between the parties in connection with their subject matter.



     

    11.5
     
    Relationship



     

     
     
    Except where this Agreement expressly states otherwise, this Agreement does not create a
relationship of employment, trust, agency or partnership between the parties.



     

    11.6
     
    Alterations



     

     
     
    This Agreement may be altered only in writing signed by each party.








    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: PJR — 2001579969
2080129

     
    | page 8






 




 








    11.7
     
    Announcements



     

     
     
    No announcement, press release or other communication of any kind relating to the existence,
or terms, of this Agreement may be made by either party without first obtaining the written
approval of the other party.



     

    11.8
     
    Governing law



     

     
     
    This Agreement is governed by the laws of New Zealand and each party irrevocably and
unconditionally submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New Zealand.








    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: PJR — 2001579969 
2080129

     
    | page 9






 




 



Signing page






     
     
     
     
     





    EXECUTED as an agreement
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     


    AGRIA CORPORATION by:

     
    
     
     


     

     
     
Signature of director

     
     

 

     

     
    XIE TAO
     
     


     

     
     
Name of director

     
     


     
     
     
     
     


    NEW HOPE GROUP by:

     
    
     
     


     

     
     
Signature of director

     
     

 

     

     
    Chris Wang
     
     


     

     
     
Name of director

     
     


     
     
     
     
     


    AGRIA (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD by:

     
    
     
     


     

     
     
Signature of director

     
     


 


     

     
    XIE TAO
     
     


     

     
     
Name of director

     
     


     
     
     
     
     


    AGRIA ASIA INVESTMENTS LIMITED by:

     
    
     
     


     

     
     
Signature of director

     
     


 


     

     
    XIE TAO
     
     


     

     
     
Name of director

     
     


     
     
     
     
     








    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: PJR — 2001579969
2080129

     
    | page 10