ex99_1.htm





  
    EXHIBIT
99.1
     
    
     
     
    
     
    Bezeq The Israel
Telecommunication Corp. Ltd.
    
    
    
    
      

            
              To:
      The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
            
            
              To:
      The Israeli Securities Authority
            
          
    
    
    Immediate Report – Special
Tender Offer for 5% of the Shares of Walla! Communication Ltd. by Bezeq’s
subsidiary Bezeq International Ltd.
    
    Tel Aviv,
Israel – August 2, 2010 - Bezeq - The Israel Telecommunication Corp., Limited
(TASE: BEZQ), Israel’s leading telecommunications provider, announced that on
August 2, 2010, Bezeq International Ltd. (“Bezeq International”) published a
schedule for a special tender offer for the purchase of approximately 5% of the
shares of Walla! Communication Ltd. (”Walla”). If the tender offer is
consummated, Bezeq International will hold approximately 49.99% of the shares of
Walla. According to the terms of the tender offer, Bezeq International has
offered to purchase from the public shares of Walla at a price of NIS 6 per
share, which is the price at which Bezeq International purchased shares of Walla
from Ha’aretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. The aggregate consideration for the shares to
be purchased in the tender offer is approximately NIS 13.6 million.
    
    Subject
to the consummation of the special tender offer, Bezeq International intends to
submit to the Israeli Antitrust Commissioner a notice of merger by way of the
transfer of additional shares of Walla to Bezeq International, such that
following the transfer Bezeq International will hold 71.8% of the shares of
Walla.
    
    In
addition, immediately following the transfer to Bezeq International of shares of
Walla currently held in trust, Bezeq intends to purchase from Bezeq
International all of the shares of Walla held by Bezeq International at the same
price at which Bezeq International purchased the shares of Walla from Ha'aretz,
as described above.