Exhibit 99.1





Exhibit 99.1







Agria Appoints Pre-eminent China Corporate Strategist as Director and Audit Committee Chairman,
Appoints CEO as a Director and Updates on Ongoing Strategic Review



Beijing, China — March 10, 2010 — Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) (the “Company” or “Agria”), a
China-based agri-solutions provider, today announced the appointment of a preeminent China
corporate strategist Kenneth J. DeWoskin, Ph.D., as an independent director of the Company and
provided an update on the Company’s ongoing strategic review. In addition, Mr Xie Tao, the CEO of
Agria, has been appointed a director of the Company and will serve on the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee of Agria. Mr. Alan Lai, Agria’s chairman, will serve as the chairman of its
Compensation Committee.


Appointment of Ken DeWoskin as Independent Director and Chairman of Audit Committee



A former partner of Strategy and Business Development at a Big Four accounting firm, Dr. DeWoskin
is a well regarded and regular presenter on China business issues throughout the U.S., Europe and
Asia including at the World Economic Forum. He has lived and worked extensively in both China and
in Japan over the past 45 years.


Dr DeWoskin will serve as the chairman of Agria’s Audit Committee replacing the outgoing
independent director Mr. Terry McCarthy, who has relinquished his directorship of Agria paving way
for this succession. The Board thanks Mr. McCarthy for his contributions and service.


On the appointment of Ken DeWoskin, Alan Lai, Agria’s chairman, said: “I am pleased to welcome Dr.
DeWoskin to Agria’s Board. His appointment is another important step forward for the Company. Dr.
DeWoskin will clearly strengthen Agria’s Board and expand our financial and strategic knowledge
base. Given the many positive recent developments at Agria, the Board understood the importance of
adding an independent director with the extensive international experience and credibility,
exemplified by Dr. DeWoskin. We are very excited that he has agreed to join us and look forward to
working together, as the Company stands to directly benefit from Dr. DeWoskin’s experience,
knowledge and counsel.”


Dr. DeWoskin is a former partner for Strategy and Business Development at one of the Big Four
accounting firms and currently serves as a senior advisor to Deloitte China and as a director of
Deloitte’s China Research and Insight Center. He also serves as a senior advisor to The Conference
Board, where he oversees a range of leadership activities, spanning workforce, financial, and
strategic areas. Dr. DeWoskin is a former professor of international business and the chairman and
professor of Asian cultures at the University of Michigan. He has also taught executive education
programs for the University of Michigan, Singapore Management University, and Wharton School of
Business. He has presented on China business issues across the US and throughout Asia and Europe,
in the World Economic Forum, Chambers of Commerce, Economist Intelligence Unit, Eurasia Group, the
Conference Board, US China Business Council, China Britain Business Council, World Transportation
Forum. Dr. DeWoskin has authored numerous articles over his career, including a regular column for
the China Economic Review and previously writing regularly for the Far Eastern Economic Review.
His influential views have made him sought after by some of the world’s most prestigious media
outlets, including The New York Times, Financial Times, Economist, SCMP, People’s Daily, CNBC,
Business Week, Fortune, Asian Wall Street Journal, the Washington Post, Red Herring, BBC World
Services, and major newswire services. Dr. DeWoskin received his B.A. from Columbia College in
1965 and his Ph.D. from Columbia University in 1974. A fluent speaker of Mandarin Chinese and
Japanese, he has also studied at National Taiwan University and Kyoto University.

 

 




 



Update on Ongoing Strategic Review



In September 2009, in conjunction with the appointment of senior management, Agria announced that
it would conduct a strategic review led by the new CEO, Mr Xie Tao. This encompassed an assessment
of the current state of the business and development of a new strategy to deploy the company’s
assets and repositioning to increase shareholder value.


The core operations of Agria have experienced a significant decline since 2008 as greater strategic
focus and scale are needed for each of the three business segments, corn seeds, sheep breeding and
seedling. The company’s management now believes a repositioning of the company is required to
restart growth. Agria expects the repositioning will include bringing additional management
resources to sustain development of necessary competences and drive the potential synergies among
business lines.


The appointments announced today mark an important milestone in strengthening the strategic
capabilities of the Board, which will in the future take a more active role in shaping major
business decisions in addition to being responsible for corporate governance matters.


Management believes that Agria’s growth has been delayed, but the company’s potential is not
fundamentally impaired. Further, management believes that market conditions if changed have
improved, and strong foreign and domestic investment flows into the sector confirm a belief that
government and business are aligned in seeking dramatic improvement in agricultural productivity in
the current decade. Agria’s strategic vision is to create an agricultural company focused on
achieving profitable growth from exploiting resource-based opportunities, rapidly building a
relevant talent base, applying global best practices, and using both domestic and international M&A
to complement organic growth in achieving these goals.


More specifically as the strategic review enters its implementation phase, Agria will focus on
taking the following important steps:





     
    1.
     
    Assemble a strong strategic leadership team.
Following the appointment of the senior executive management team of Xie Tao (Chief Executive
Officer), Chris Boddington (Chief Financial Officer) and John Layburn (Chief Strategy and
Compliance Officer) in late 2009, the appointment of Ken DeWoskin completes the recruitment of
an internationally regarded strategic leadership team with combined experience of over 70 years
of doing business in China. This team is tasked to provide strategic direction, identifying,
assessing and implementing targeted investments both in China and internationally as well as
maintaining focus on post deal integration to maximise benefits to Agria, its partners and
shareholders.



     
 
     
    2.
     
    Create an intellectual property asset base from our investment in core competencies
focused on seed genetic R&D, production, and distribution
Agria intends to leverage its existing investments and its partnership with China National
Academy of Agricultural Sciences to create a leading seed business in China engaged in
research, development, production, marketing and distribution of seeds. In order to enhance the
growth dynamics in Agria’s core competency in the seed business, Agria is now in active
discussions with a number of potentially complementary seed companies in China and targets to
make a series of investments in the coming months.



     
 
     
    3.
     
    Capitalise on strategic co-operation with PGG Wrightson
Agria has completed its strategic investment in the PGG Wrightson Group. In accordance with the
strategic co-operation agreement between Agria and PGG Wrightson, both companies have initiated
the cooperation efforts, particularly in seed development and commercialisation.




 

 




 






     
    4.
     
    Continually improve corporate governance regime
Significant progress has been made in addressing historical issues including several of the
factors causing delays in the filing of its annual report on Form 20F for the financial
year ended December 31, 2008. The Company also won a motion to dismiss in a class action
against the Company and the underwriter defendants on December 1, 2009. In addition to the
appointment of Ken DeWoskin as the chairman of the Audit Committee, Agria has also
strengthened its finance and internal audit team and continues to seek ways to improve its
corporate governance regime.



     
 
     
    5.
     
    Maximise shareholder value from underperforming assets
Agria estimates that the Company has suffered a material decline in revenue in 2009 compared to
2008. Agria is actively assessing its options as to how to either arrest this decline or
maximise shareholder value from those parts of the business that continue to underperform.





While discussions are ongoing in relation to the above that could result in one or more
transactions being entered into by Agria, these are at various stages of development and there is
no guarantee that they will result in any transactions being consummated.


About Agria Corporation
Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) is a China-based agri-solutions provider focusing on research and
development, production and distribution of upstream agricultural products. Its diversified
portfolio of products comprises corn seeds, sheep products and seedlings. For more information
about Agria Corporation, please visit http://www.agriacorp.com.


Contacts:





     
     
     





    In China:

     
    In the U.S.:


    John Layburn

     
    David Pasquale


    Chief Strategy and Compliance Officer

     
    Senior Vice President


    China Tel: 86-10-8438 1031

     
    U.S. Tel: +914-337-1117 


    john.layburn@agriacorp.com

     
    david.pasquale@agriacorp.com





Safe Harbor Statement:
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the “safe
harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “confident” and similar
statements. Agria may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports
to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 20-F and 6-K, etc., in its annual report to
shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts,
including statements about Agria’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks outlined
in Agria’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in
this press release is as of the date of this announcement unless otherwise stated, and Agria does
not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under
applicable law.