Exhibit 99.1 - Press Release








Exhibit 99.1







Clarification by Agria Regarding its Intentions in Relation to the Partial Takeover Offer for PGG
Wrightson Limited


Beijing, China — December 24, 2010 — Yesterday, Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) (Agria) together
with China-based New Hope Group (New Hope) announced a partial takeover offer for PGG Wrightson
Limited (PGW).


In its announcement yesterday, Agria’s CEO said, “Agria has no intention to increase its
shareholding above 50.01% if the offer is successful, and has committed not to make a further offer
at a higher price for a period of 12 months.”


Agria wishes to clarify that its present intention is not to acquire more than 50.01% of PGW
through this takeover offer.


Further, Agria has committed itself in the draft takeover offer document not to make a further
takeover offer at a higher price for a period of 12 months.


About Agria Corporation



Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) is a China-based company with investments in the agricultural sector.
For more information about Agria Corporation, please visit www.agriacorp.com.




     
     
     





    Contacts:
     
     


    In China:

     
    In the U.S.:


    John Layburn

     
    David Pasquale


    Chief Strategy and Compliance Officer

     
    Senior Vice President


    China Tel: 86-10-8438 1031

     
    U.S. Tel: +914-337-1117


    john.layburn@agriacorp.com

     
    david.pasquale@agriacorp.com





Safe Harbor Statement:



This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the “safe
harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “confident” and similar
statements. Agria may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports
to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 20-F and 6-K, etc., in its annual report to
shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts,
including statements about Agria’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks outlined
in Agria’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in
this press release is as of the date of this announcement unless otherwise stated, and Agria does
not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under
applicable law.