Exhibit 1









2009 ANNUAL REPORT






STRENGTH THROUGH GROWTH AND DIVERSITY


 




 



why



invest in Agrium



An Investment in Agrium Provides



Growth


Agrium is a growth driven company, with nine acquisitions worth $3.5-billion invested in the
business over the past five years, with further high return investment opportunities available
across the agricultural value chain including brownfield growth expansions, acquisitions and
incremental efficiency opportunities in all three business units. Agrium’s annual net sales were
almost $10-billion over the past two years, compared to just $2.8-billion five years ago and
$1.7-billion ten years ago.


Diversity


Agrium is diversified from a product and service offering, as well as on a geographic basis. We
earn returns and gather critical information across the agricultural value chain as we are: 1) the
largest Agricultural Retailer in North America; 2) a world-scale Wholesale producer and distributor
of all three crop nutrients, including significant international distribution; and, 3) an innovator
in the development and marketing of controlled-release products sold into the agriculture,
horticulture and other specialty segments.


Financially sound and a solid future


Agrium is in a strong financial position, with $1.4-billion in cash provided by operating
activities in 2009, a low net-debt to net-debt-plus-equity ratio of 16 percent and a strong outlook
for the crop input market heading into 2010. Crop input demand is expected to be strong in 2010 as
growers are expected to respond to low crop nutrient levels in soils and global crop prices and
margins that remain well above average. The key drivers that kept global grain demand rising, even
during the global recession in 2009, are expected to be even stronger in 2010.










     
     
     
     
     




    Letter from the President and CEO
     
     
    2
     


    Letter from the Board Chair
     
     
    8
     


    Management’s Discussion and Analysis
     
     
    10
     


    Financial Statements and Notes
     
     
    96
     


    10 year Financial Highlights
     
     
    131
     


    Directors and Officers
     
     
    132
     


    Corporate and Shareholder Information
     
     
    133
     






 




 



diversity



     and growth


Together, Agrium’s three Strategic Business Units: Retail, Wholesale and Advanced Technologies
(“AAT”), cross the agricultural value chain and provide the means to aspire to our vision of being
one of the world’s leading providers of agricultural inputs and continually create value for our
customers, shareholders and other stakeholders.



     Retail

Agrium’s Retail business unit is committed to helping growers optimize their crop yields
and economic returns by providing the right seed, crop protection products, crop nutrients, and
application and agronomic services directly to growers. Agrium is by far the largest
direct-to-grower agricultural retail operation in North America, with over $6-billion in annual
net sales and 826 farm centers across North and South America, operating under the names Crop
Production Services in the U.S. and Canada, and Agroservicios Pampeanos in Argentina, Uruguay
and Chile. Our farm centers not only provide the crop inputs that growers need to maximize
yields and returns but in most cases apply these products for the growers. We utilize the
latest equipment and best-management practices and technologies to maximize the benefit for our
customers.



     Advanced Technologies

AAT produces and markets technologically advanced products including environmentally
friendly controlled-release nutrients and micronutrients for sale to the broad-based
agriculture, specialty agriculture, professional turf and ornamental markets worldwide. Given
the growth rate envisioned for these products and potential new product development, AAT has
strong growth potential over the medium term.



     Wholesale

Agrium’s Wholesale division produces, markets, and distributes the primary crop nutrients:
nitrogen, phosphate, and potash, to agricultural and industrial customers around the world. Our
Wholesale business unit has over eight million tonnes of crop nutrient production capacity from
operations that span North and South America, Europe, and Argentina. Agrium has significant
competitive advantages and growth opportunities in each of the three main nutrients.




 




 











Nitrogen (N) — With an annual capacity of over five million tonnes, and 11 facilities in Canada,
the U.S., and Argentina, Agrium boasts positional advantages of competitively priced gas supplies
in Alberta and Argentina as well as transportation advantages from being in close proximity to key
end-markets.


Potash (K) — Agrium’s world scale Vanscoy, Saskatchewan facility has a capacity of just over two
million tonnes, with long term high quality reserves, and access to International markets through
Canpotex and significant expansion plans.


Phosphate (P) — Agrium has an annual capacity of just over one million tonnes, through two
vertically integrated facilities and mines in North America. The phosphate facilities benefit from
an in-market, transportation advantage.



 




 







 




 










solutions



for a growing world


Agrium is a leading agricultural products and services corporation. A principle global
producer and marketer of agricultural nutrients and industrial products, along with the
technological innovation, production, and marketing aptitudes of AAT, Agrium is well positioned in
terms of growth opportunities, diversity, and product expansion. Together, Agrium’s three Strategic
Business Units: Wholesale, Retail, and AAT provide the means to aspire to our vision of being one
of the world’s leading providers of agricultural inputs and continually create value for each of
our stakeholders.


We are a community oriented corporation commited to sustainability; Agrium supports more than 800
local and global non-profit groups. Our CEO, CFO, Senior VP of Business Development and Chief
Legal Officer have won numerous Canadian awards over the past few years including Business Person
of the Year, CFO of the Year, Top Dealmaker and one of Canada’s 100 most powerful women,
respectively. Agrium has been consistently named one of Alberta’s Top 50 Employers and Best Places
to Work. In 2009, we were recognized as one of the Top 100 Employers in Canada and one of
Alberta’s Fastest Growing Companies.



1      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 



Letter from the President & CEO




Michael M. Wilson


The economic downturn that started in late 2008 continued through most of 2009 and impacted
virtually all sectors and countries. Even amid these tough market conditions, Agrium delivered the
third highest net earnings in our history, thanks in large part to our product and geographic
diversity and the growth we have delivered over the past four years. Contributions from Wholesale
nitrogen and Retail crop protection and seed products were particularly strong this year and
market conditions for potash, phosphate and other products expected to improve significantly in
2010. I  believe Agrium is in the best position within our sector to capture the rebound in crop
input demand and margins anticipated in 2010.


Growth and diversity


Agrium’s vision is to be one of the world’s leading providers of inputs for plant growth,
creating value for all of our stakeholders. The key long-term drivers for our businesses include:
1) a growing global population; 2) above average Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) growth in
developing countries, which drives demand for higher protein diets and larger global grain
consumption; and, 3) increased demand for crops used for fuel and fiber. Agrium is a
growth-oriented company, continually seeking high-return investment opportunities and enhanced
product development through our controlled release technologies to better meet our customers’
needs and add shareholder value.


To complement our solid earnings, Agrium’s share price has been performing relatively well. As
of February 25, 2010, our share price was 43 percent above the average achieved in 2009. This
compares favorably to the Dow Jones Industrial Average index, which as February 25, was only 16
percent above the 2009 average. Agrium’s share performance over the same time period also compares
favorably to the majority of our peers.






Agrium made significant progress in achieving its key
corporate goals and growth plans in 2009; I believe the
fact that we were able to accomplish so much during the
economic recession, speaks to the strength and
flexibility of our people and organization. The year’s
key growth milestones included moving forward with
tripling the production capacity of the Egypt nitrogen
facility, making solid progress on the proposed
brownfield expansion at our Vanscoy potash mine, the
integration of Retail’s UAP Holding Corp. (“UAP”)
acquisition, achieving significant additional growth in
the number and geographic reach of our retail farm
centers, and substantially growing Advanced
Technologies’ (“AAT”) controlled-release production
capacity.


Our proposed acquisition of CF Industries Holdings, Inc.
(“CF”) represents a strong strategic fit, significant
synergies and, we believe, an excellent return for both
Agrium and CF shareholders. When we first announced our
bid for CF, some shareholders voiced concern that it
might signal a movement away from our focus on the
continued growth of our Retail, potash production and AAT
businesses. As demonstrated by our growth milestones in
2009, we are committed to growing all parts of



2      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 





our business at the right time and with the right investment return
profile. While the CF acquisition is clearly an important growth opportunity,
we have always been very clear that our goal is to grow across the
agricultural value chain — something we will continue to do in accordance
with our 2010 and five-year goals. While we remain convinced of the merits of
combining Agrium and CF, I assure you we will maintain our financial
discipline in the process.


Agrium’s range of businesses and products is unique in the sector, providing
us with a broader range of high-potential growth opportunities across the
value chain and throughout the business cycle. We have identified medium-term
growth targets for each of our business units including:






     
     
     




    

     
    Grow Retail’s EBITDA to $1-billion through acquisitions across North
and South America, continued improvement in efficiencies, and growing
Retail’s sales and margins, with particular focus on the seed business
and broadening private label product offerings and market penetration;


     
     
     


    

     
    Expand the Wholesale division by acquiring CF, triple the Egyptian
nitrogen facility, significantly grow our potash production capacity,
and pursue other production based acquisitions, partnerships, and
global growth opportunities; and,


     
     
     


    

     
    Double our AAT earnings through growth in ESN® (“ESN”) capacity and
sales and global expansion of controlled-release products.






Agrium’s growth across the value chain


As illustrated in the graph below, Agrium has delivered on its strategy to grow across the
agricultural value chain over the past five years, through the expansion of all three of our
strategic business units. We have invested over $3-billion to complete six Retail acquisitions
located across North and South America. Wholesale has closed on two acquisitions, gained a
significant interest in an existing low-cost Egyptian nitrogen facility and completed an
expansion at our Potash facility in 2005. AAT was created in 2006, and since then has concluded
three acquisitions and significantly expanded our controlled-release capacity and product reach.







3      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 



2009 Performance in review


The combination of a global recession, tight international credit and the significant deflation
in commodity prices that started in late 2008 and continued through much of 2009 created
significant uncertainty and price and volume volatility this year. These forces negatively impacted
grain and oilseed prices as well as crop input prices and demand. In fact, they led to one of the
largest declines in crop nutrient application rates in the U.S. and globally, which led to lower
prices for all three crop nutrients. The matter was compounded by abnormal weather across most of
North America in 2009, which further impacted North American application rates. The late, wet
spring delayed planting progress and reduced crop nutrient and crop protection demand. This also
contributed to the latest harvest on record in the U.S., which severely contracted the fall
fertilizer application season.






As a direct result of these factors, our net earnings in 2009 were $366-million,
compared to the record $1.3-billion in 2008 and $441-million in 2007. Consolidated
net sales were $9.1-billion in 2009, compared to $10.0-billion in 2008 and
$5.3-billion in 2007. Our 2009 EBITDA was $823-million, down from the record
$2.3-billion in 2008 and $888-million in 2007. However, cash flow generated from
operations was a record $1.4-billion in 2009, compared to last year’s previous record
of $1.0-billion. We ended 2009 with a net-debt to net-debt-plus-equity ratio of 16
percent, compared to 31 percent at the end of 2008. We lowered this ratio
significantly even after investing $513-million in acquisitions and other
growth-oriented investment expenditures in 2009, due to the significant reduction in
our non-cash working capital.



Retail unit


2009 was a challenging year for Retail from an earnings perspective. Gross profit was down 17
percent and 2009 EBITDA was $266-million — about half of last year’s record $560-million. The
reduction in EBITDA was a result of the largest decline in crop nutrient volumes in U.S. history
and an unprecedented pressure on crop nutrient margins, due to the significant carryover of
high-cost product sold from the fall of 2008 into a much lower price environment in 2009. We moved
through our high-cost crop nutrient inventory position without incurring inventory write-downs in
2009, and all indications suggest growers will return to normal application rates in
2010.1 As a result, Agrium’s Retail business unit is well positioned for what is
expected to be a strong 2010.1 We also expect to realize the full $115-million in
annual synergies from the UAP acquisition in 2010 and beyond with our Retail’s successful
completion of the integration of UAP this year. A key benefit from our diversity was demonstrated
by our ability to largely maintain gross profits similar to last year’s levels for our chemical,
seed, and application businesses in a very difficult environment.



Wholesale unit


Wholesale EBITDA in 2009 was $607-million — the fourth highest in our history — in a
challenging year with lower crop nutrient prices across the board and reduced sales volumes for
potash in particular. We achieved solid contributions due in part to our competitive advantages in
all three nutrients and our product and geographic diversity. Nitrogen was the largest contributor
to Wholesale’s gross profit in 2009, as demand for that product was strongest among the three
nutrients. This was a result of growers’ limited ability to postpone nitrogen applications (as
they did with potash and phosphate) without an immediate negative impact on yield. Potash sales
volumes were less than half last year’s levels due to lower demand globally, but margins averaged
over $200 per tonne and this product contributed 27 percent of Wholesale’s total gross profit in
2009.


Advanced Technologies unit


Advanced Technologies EBITDA in 2009 was $22-million, down from $50-million in 2008 and
$29-million in 2007. The economic recession led to fewer U.S. housing starts, lower consumer
spending and reduced expenditures by golf courses, all of which impacted AAT’s turf and ornamental
sales. Although our sales volumes for ESN — our controlled-release product for agricultural
markets — were up in relation to 2008, net sales and margins were impacted by the same price
pressure as other crop nutrients in 2009. The outlook for next year bodes well due to increased
ESN production capacity in 2009 and 2010, improved crop margins and crop input demand, and
anticipated improvement in the general economy in 2010.



(1) See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A




4      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 







Outlook for 2010


We expect global economic conditions to continue to
improve in 2010, which should support a higher rate of growth
for agricultural commodities and enhanced market conditions
for products from our AAT business unit. Demand for crop
nutrients and crop protection products is expected to be
supported through 2010 as corn, soybean and numerous other
crop prices and cash margins are expected to stay well above
historical levels. Furthermore, spring
demand in North America in particular is anticipated to show a significant rebound as growers are
expected to return to more normal application rates after drawing down soil nutrient levels for an
unprecedented two years in a row.


We anticipate North American nitrogen production to continue to benefit from the competitive cost
position of natural gas prices relative to European and Ukrainian formula-based contracts.
Throughout 2010, we anticipate a strong rebound in demand for each of the major crop nutrients
along with further stability and clarity in the potash markets.



2009 scorecard and 2010 priorities


Setting and measuring goals is an important aspect of Agrium’s strategic planning process and
is integral to our focus on continuous improvement. Each year, goals and key performance measures
are identified at the corporate, business unit levels and employee level. We review our top
corporate goals every year and report to you how well we did in achieving those goals. The 2009
priorities and results are outlined below:




To fully integrate UAP into our Retail unit, including our superior Environmental, Health,
Safety, and Security (“EHS&S”) systems, capture $80-million in synergies in 2009, and be in a
position to realize the full synergies of $115-million by December 31, 2010.

Our Retail operations successfully and fully integrated UAP into our existing Retail operation
across all systems in 2009. The integration included such items as a common pay and performance
management system, point of sale software, integration of proprietary products, as well as
re-branding all UAP farm centers under the Crop Production Services name. We captured $55-million
of the targeted $80-million in synergies in 2009. We captured the expected SG&A savings and
synergies with the acquisition, as well as the targeted synergies associated with our crop
protection business in 2009. Given the dramatic volatility in nutrient prices, however, the
forecasted benefits from synergies in our crop nutrient business were offset by price and volume
reductions due to competitive price pressures. We believe we will be in a position to realize the
full annual synergies of $115-million in 2010.1




To determine the feasibility of debt financing, re-permitting and ultimately completing two
additional urea trains at the MISR Fertilizer Production Company S.A.E. facility in Egypt.

In mid-December, we announced that a subsidiary of MISR Fertilizer Production
Company S.A.E. — the Egyptian Nitrogen Products Company S.A.E. (“ENPC”) — secured
$1.05-billion of non-recourse project financing from a syndicate of Egyptian and
regional banks to allow ENPC to proceed with constructing the second and third
production trains at the existing facility with completion by 2012. Such financing
allows us to participate in the significant expansion of this world-class facility
with no further equity injection from Agrium and the benefit of a long-term
competitively priced gas position and prime access to world markets. Construction
was started in the fourth quarter of 2009.








To progress our brownfield expansion project, including the preparation and development of the
potash reserves in our Vanscoy South Block to supply the expansion, procure long lead-time
equipment, and complete engineering on expansion to Class III estimate status.

Agrium made considerable headway in 2009 on the brownfield expansion project aimed at increasing
capacity at our potash mine in Vanscoy, Saskatchewan, by 750,000 tonnes. We procured long
lead-time mining equipment and continued development of our potash reserves at our South Block
section of the Vanscoy mine. We executed an Engineering, Procurement and Construction (“EPC”)
contract in December, 2009 with a joint venture with SNC Lavalin Inc. and PCL Industrial
Management Inc. to complete the engineering and project cost estimate, with a final decision on
whether to proceed with the expansion to be made by Agrium’s Board in late 2010. We expect the
majority of the expansion to be completed in 2014, achieving the full 2.8 million tonnes of annual
production capacity in 2014-2015.



(1) See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A



5      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 








To complete a capacity expansion of our polymer-coated, environmentally smart
nitrogen product, ESN, at Sylacauga, Alabama and start construction of a new ESN
in-market coating facility.

AAT commenced construction of the new 110,000 tonne capacity ESN coating facility at
New Madrid, Missouri, in early 2009. This facility was placed into service ahead of
schedule and is now operational. In addition, we expanded our Sylacauga complex by
18,000 tonnes of ESN in 2009. We also expanded our capacity to produce Duration CR® -
our patented polymer-coated fertilizer product line targeted to the turf, ornamental
and specialty agriculture markets — by 8,000 tonnes in the first quarter of 2010 at
our Sylacauga facility.




To identify international expansion opportunities for proprietary Advanced Technologies products.

In April 2009, AAT exercised an option to acquire 50 percent of the issued and outstanding shares
of Hanfeng Slow-Release Fertilizer (Canada) Co. Ltd., further expanding the relationship with
Hanfeng Evergreen, a sulfur-coated urea producer in China. To broaden acceptance of our AAT
proprietary products, we have been actively performing field trials in China, South America and
Europe. Yield enhancements in these regions have been consistent with those in North America, and
we expect to accelerate product marketing and acceptance.




To enhance forecasting capabilities in working capital and cash flow in order to optimize Agrium’s
liquidity and balance sheet strength.

During 2009, we improved our cash flow and working capital forecasting processes, including
improved predictability of immediate cash requirements and upcoming short-term liquidity position
as well as longer-term working capital needs. We expect this to provide greater predictability and
flexibility in order to maintain a strong balance sheet, while optimizing liquidity.




To continually improve Environment, Health, Safety and Security performance.

Agrium places paramount importance on the safety and protection of our employees, the environment
and the communities in which we operate. Our ultimate goal with respect to sustainability is to
have an increasingly positive impact on stakeholders while helping feed the world responsibly.
Agrium sets specific EHS&S measures each year to ensure we remain focused on this key objective.
We integrate these goals into our broader annual goal setting and scorecard processes, and monitor
performance as part of a continuous improvement process.


Of the eight major EHS&S goals we set out at the beginning of 2009, we met or exceeded six of them.
We are particularly proud of our ongoing efforts to improve workplace safety and reduce
work-related accidents and injuries. Overall, 2009 was our best year ever; our resulting employee
workplace total recordable injury/illness index was well below both our target and last year’s
level, although the measure for contractors remained above our target this year. We also met our
goal on the important environmental incident rate goal, with a 27 percent improvement over last
year.



2010 priorities


Our key priorities in 2010 will be:






     
     
     




    

     
    Realize the full $115-million in synergies from the UAP acquisition;



     



    

     
    Continue to move forward with the acquisition of CF, including the nomination of Agrium’s
slate of directors to CF’s Board;


     
     
     


    

     
    Continue to grow the Retail business through acquisitions in North and South America;


     
     
     


    

     
    Make a final decision on the brownfield expansion project at our potash mine at Vanscoy,
Saskatchewan and to make sufficient progress on the project to maintain the current timelines
for completion;


     
     
     


    

     
    Progress the expansion at the Egypt nitrogen facility such that the two additional nitrogen
trains are completed by the first half of 2012;


     
     
     


    

     
    Reach full production capacity at the New Madrid ESN coating facility and grow AAT through
international exposure and expansion;


     
     
     


    

     
    Implement IFRS with minimal disruption to the business, external reporting or stakeholders; and,


     
     
     


    

     
    Continued improvement of EHS&S performance.






6      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report














 




 











Social responsibility


Agrium continues to grow on a global basis, as do our efforts to support Corporate Social
Responsibility initiatives. For example, in 2009 we launched our Caring for Our Watersheds program
across western Canada and Colorado, and we have plans to continue expansion in North America in
2010. We also provide aid to Africa to help sustain food production through research and product
donation and continue to work with non-profit organizations to restore and protect natural
habitats. Additional information on our efforts to improve economic, social and environmental
performance will be available in our 2008-2009 Sustainability Report.


Over the last few years, Agrium has not only increased its ability to supply nutrients and other
crop protection products to growers, we have also increased our product offerings and capacities.
Our controlled-release products help protect the environment while increasing grower profitability
and efficiency. These products have significant business growth potential in both agricultural and
non-agricultural markets, as improved plant growth and yield potential are the primary outcomes of
their use.


Ultimately, Agrium remains well positioned to contribute to growing the world’s food supply for a
growing world population.



Increasing stakeholder value: now and in the future


Agrium truly embodies this year’s theme of Strength through Growth and Diversity. We do not
believe in ‘growth for growth’s sake’; rather, we base our decisions on the aim of increasing value
for our stakeholders — our shareholders, customers, employees and the broader communities in which
we operate.


We endeavor to deliver the best possible returns to our shareholders, support our customers with
high-quality products and services, and demonstrate our corporate and social responsibility locally
and internationally. We have over 10,000 employees, and we constantly strive to make Agrium a more
rewarding, enjoyable and fulfilling work environment. Our employees take pride in the important
role of helping to nourish a growing world at many levels.


On the heels of the recession in 2009 and the residual effects of 2008’s market crash and
difficult economic environment, we still had our third best year yet: a true testimony to our
company and our employees. We look forward to 2010 being a rewarding year marked by increasing
demand, improved grower sentiment and a return to a more normal, healthier global economy. I would
like to thank all of our employees for their dedication and contributions over the past year, and
our Board of Directors, who continue to offer valuable perspective and advice as we grow Agrium.


Each of our three business units is well positioned to meet the resurgence of demand throughout
the agricultural and nutrient markets. I am confident in leading Agrium — a profitable corporation
full of opportunities — as we endeavor to fulfill our strategic goals through 2010.





Michael M. Wilson

President & CEO
February 25, 2010

7      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 



Letter from the Board Chair




Frank W. Proto







Dear Fellow Shareholders:


Agrium’s Board of Directors is committed to accountability, integrity, honesty, and respect.
With these principles in mind, and Agrium’s well-defined and understood strategy of diversity and
growth, everything we undertake has a “clear line of sight to that strategy”. It is the Board’s
responsibility to ensure that management identifies business risks and, as much as possible,
provide the appropriate responses that will mitigate such potential risks. In the current
uncertain economy, it may not be feasible to foresee every event that could impact Agrium.
However, with Agrium’s disciplined approach for identifying and ranking such risks, we are
comfortable that we are well positioned to manage a wide range of possible events.


Despite the ongoing economic recession of 2008, 2009 has been a very busy year for your company.
The ongoing commitment to the acquisition of CF, multiple farm center acquisitions, as well as the
brownfield potash expansion at Vanscoy Saskatchewan, attest to only some of the positive
developments your company has been active in this year. The successes throughout 2009 demonstrate
our ongoing dedication to Agrium’s strategy. We strive to execute all business decisions with the
underlying principle of transparency and integrity, as part of our goal to produce the best
possible company and long-term results, for our shareholders and indeed all of our stakeholders.


Superior corporate governance is a top priority at Agrium. We view good corporate governance as
having the proper set of processes, customs and policies, which allow
us to ensure accountability,
fairness and transparency in the Company’s relationship with all of its stakeholders, comprising
shareholders, customers, employees, management, government, and the community. Good corporate
governance is a multi-faceted function that includes a proper system of checks and balances in
areas such as information flow and critical corporate actions. This often includes procedures for
reconciling what, at times, may be conflicting interests of our various stakeholders. The Board is
ultimately responsible for representing shareholders’ interests and the long-term optimization of
returns by guiding the Company’s strategic direction while considering the best interests of all
stakeholders.


8      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 




 














Corporate governance rating groups continued to recognize Agrium’s Board of Directors in 2009.
Agrium’s Board placed 18th out of 158 S&P/TSX Composite Index listed companies in the Globe and
Mail’s “Board Games” report, and Agrium received a “AA” Board Shareholder Confidence Index rating
from the University of Toronto’s Joseph L. Rotman School of Management. Agrium also outperformed
all of the companies listed on the S&P/TSX Composite Index with a 100 percent rating on the
Institutional Shareholder Services’ (ISS) Corporate Governance Quotient rating system. As well,
Agrium received a 9.5-out-of-10 from Governance Metrics International (GMI), the independent, New
York-based, corporate governance research and ratings agency.


The Board is pleased that management continues to ensure the Company’s financial reporting and
disclosure is in accordance with best practices while complying with the requirements of the U.S.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX), the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for foreign issuers and the
corporate governance standards of the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) for Canadian companies.


The Board remains focused on strong corporate governance and how it relates to the goals and
objectives that have been established for Agrium over the long-term, and I want to thank all Board
members for their dedication and leadership in 2009. I also want to extend a special thank you to
Agrium’s executive team and all employees for their extraordinary efforts to advance our businesses
during a volatile and challenging year. I look forward to working with this great team of people in
2010 once again, as we continue to deliver value to all of our stakeholders.




Frank W. Proto

Board Chair February
25, 2010

9      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 







strategy


and growth opportunities


This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of operations and financial condition focuses on
Agrium’s long-term vision, strategy and growth opportunities as well as its historical performance.



10      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report




 






 













Management’s Discussion and Analysis



February 25, 2010



Inside the MD&A






     
     
     
     
     




    Forward-looking statements
     
     
    12
     


    Executive summary
     
     
    14
     


    Corporate mission, vision and strategy
     
     
    15
     


    Retail business unit
     
     
    18
     


    Wholesale business unit
     
     
    26
     


    Advanced Technologies business unit
     
     
    44
     


    Other business unit
     
     
    49
     


    Outlook
     
     
    51
     


    Key business sensitivities
     
     
    54
     


    Consolidated performance
     
     
    55
     


    Financial condition
     
     
    61
     


    Liquidity and capital resources
     
     
    62
     


    Outstanding share data
     
     
    68
     


    Off balance sheet arrangements
     
     
    68
     


    Financial instruments
     
     
    69
     


    2009 fourth quarter Management’s Discussion and Analysis
     
     
    72
     


    Accounting estimates and new accounting standards
     
     
    75
     


    Enterprise risk management
     
     
    81
     


    Environmental protection requirements
     
     
    89
     


    Controls and procedures
     
     
    92
     


    Forward-looking statements
     
     
    93
     









This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) of operations and financial
condition focuses on Agrium’s long-term vision, strategy and growth opportunities as well as its
historical performance for the three years ended December 31, 2009. The reader should consider
the cautionary notes regarding forward-looking statements (page 93) and the consolidated
financial statements and related notes (pages 99 to 130).


Throughout this MD&A (unless otherwise specified), “Agrium”, “the Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”
and similar expressions refer collectively to Agrium Inc. and its subsidiaries, any partnerships
involving Agrium Inc. or any of its subsidiaries, and our significant equity investments and
joint ventures.


The Company’s consolidated quarterly and annual financial information and its Annual Information
Form (“AIF”) are available at SEDAR (www.sedar.com). The Company’s reports are also
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on EDGAR (www.sec.gov).


All dollar amounts refer to United States (“U.S.”) dollars except where otherwise stated.






11      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 








Forward-looking statements


Certain statements and other information included in this MD&A constitute “forward-looking
information” and “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws,
including the “safe harbour” provisions of provincial securities legislation and the U.S. Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-looking
statements are typically identified by the words “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intend”,
“estimate”, “outlook”, “focus”, “potential”, “will”, “should”, “would”, “could” and other similar
expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, references to:







     
    
     
    Disclosures made under the heading “Outlook”;



     

     
    
     
    Our 2010 key corporate goals, including expansion and growth of our business and operations;



     

     
    
     
    Key drivers for our business and industry trends;



     

     
    
     
    The amount and type of future capital expenditures and capital resources;



     

     
    
     
    Future cash requirements and long-term obligations;



     

     
    
     
    Business strategies and plans for implementing them;



     

     
    
     
    Future crop input volumes, prices and sales;



     

     
    
     
    Availability of raw materials, particularly gas availability or gas price relative to nitrogen prices;



     

     
    
     
    Risk mitigation activities; and,



     

     
    
     
    Our future results and plans, including any expected benefits received from our recent and
proposed acquisitions.




Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause
our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:







     
    
     
    General economic, market, business and weather conditions, including global agricultural
supply/demand factors and crop price levels; global and regional supply/demand factors
impacting the crop input application season and the price of crop nutrients and raw
materials/feedstock; availability of credit; and access to capital markets;



     

     
    
     
    Changes in government policies and legislation regarding agriculture, safety, environment,
greenhouse gas and others, including potential imposition of changes to price controls on
crop nutrients in certain markets;



     

     
    
     
    Actions by competitors and others that include changes to industry capacity, utilization
rates and product pricing; performance by customers, suppliers and counterparties to
financial instruments; potential for expansion plans to be delayed; and ability to transport
or deliver production to markets;



     

     
    
     
    Changes in margins and/or levels of supplier rebates for major crop inputs such as crop
protection products, nutrients and seed, as well as crop input prices declining below cost
in inventory between the time of purchase and sales;



     

     
    
     
    General operating risks associated with investment in foreign jurisdictions; the level and
effectiveness of future capital expenditures; reliability of performance of existing capital
assets; changes in capital markets and availability of credit; and fluctuations in foreign
exchange and tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate;



     

     
    
     
    Future operating rates, production costs and sustaining capital of our facilities;
unexpected costs from present and discontinued mining operations and/or labor disruptions;
changes to timing, construction cost and performance of other parties; and political risks
associated with our interest in the Egyptian MISR Fertilizer Production Company S.A.E.
(“MOPCO”), Argentine Profertil nitrogen facilities, and South American retail operations;





12      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 










     
    
     
    Strategic risks including our ability to effectively implement our business strategy
and our risk mitigation strategies, including hedging and insurance; our ability to close
pending and proposed acquisitions as anticipated and to integrate and achieve synergies from
any assets we may acquire within the time or performance expected of those assets;
technological changes; and other factors; and,



     

     
    
     
    Risks associated with our proposed acquisition of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (“CF”) or
any other proposed or completed business acquisitions, include the inability to successfully
integrate the acquisition or if such integration proves more difficult, time-consuming or
costly than expected. Other risks of the proposed CF acquisition include CF’s failure to
accept Agrium’s proposal and enter into a definitive agreement to effect the transaction; the
failure of CF stockholders to elect Agrium’s nominees as directors of CF at its 2010 annual
stockholder meeting; that the costs of integration in the event that the acquisition is
completed are higher than expected; the increased indebtedness that we would incur or assume
as a result of the acquisition; the risks associated with our inability to obtain access to
CF’s non-public information and the cooperation of CF management; the possibility that the
expected combination benefits and synergies and costs savings from the Agrium/CF transaction
may not be fully realized or realized within the expected time frame, which could be impacted
by future levels of crop nutrient prices and volumes as well as raw material cost; and the
potential for disruption from the proposed transaction to make it more difficult to maintain
relationships with customers, employees and suppliers.




All of the forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A are qualified by these cautionary
statements and by stated or inherent assumptions. The key assumptions made in connection with
these forward-looking statements include the following assumptions as well as those set out in the
forward-looking statements section on pages 93-95 hereof:







     
    
     
    Grain and nutrient benchmark prices in 2010 are expected to remain above historic levels,
with significantly less price volatility in 2010 than in 2009;



     

     
    
     
    Crop nutrient, crop protection and seed markets are expected to return to more normal
volumes in 2010 compared to 2009, and price volatility for the major retail crop input
products is also expected to return to a more normal range in 2010; and,



     

     
    
     
    High operating rates are expected for the majority of our facilities in 2010, with the
exception of routinely scheduled turnarounds at several plants.




The above items and their possible impact are discussed more fully in the relevant parts of this
MD&A including the sections headed “Key Business Sensitivities” and “Business Risks”.


Although we believe these assumptions are reasonable, investors should not place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements or their key assumptions, which apply only as of the date of this MD&A.
There can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by us will be
realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or
effects on, us. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.


Non-GAAP Financial Measures


Some financial measures referenced in this MD&A are not recognized under generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”), including net earnings before interest expense and taxes (“EBIT”)
and net earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and asset
impairment (“EBITDA”). Please review the discussion of non-GAAP measures on page 60 when referring
to these measures.






13      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 








Executive
summary –
Strength through growth and
diversity


2009 in review


2009 was a challenging year for the crop nutrient market, with prices and margins for all crop
nutrients coming off the high levels achieved in 2008. After a significant increase in crop input
prices in 2008, crop nutrient prices and volumes registered some of the largest declines in
history. Furthermore, crop nutrient application rates experienced unprecedented declines in North
America and globally. In the last quarter of 2009, the industry saw strengthening crop prices and
signs that North American growers were returning to more normal crop nutrient application rates. We
anticipate that demand for crop nutrients and other crop inputs will return to more normal levels
in 2010, and that this will provide an opportunity for Agrium to better demonstrate its true
earnings potential across all of its business units and products.


2009 | Consolidated financial performance


In 2009, Agrium’s consolidated net earnings were $366-million compared to the record
$1.3-billion in 2008 and slightly lower than the $441-million in 2007. The lower earnings were a
result of the significant decline in prices for all crop nutrients and lower demand for potash and
phosphate products in the first half of 2009. EBIT was affected by the same fundamentals, declining
to $581-million in 2009 from $2.0-billion in 2008 and $715-million in 2007.


Consolidated gross profit in 2009 was $1.9-billion compared to $3.2-billion in 2008 and
$1.6-billion in 2007. This was due primarily to lower crop nutrient prices and margins in our
Retail business unit and, in Wholesale, the decline in demand and margins particularly for potash
and phosphate products.


We generated $1.4-billion in operating cashflows in 2009 and ended the year with a cash position
of $933-million. Our net-debt to net-debt-plus-equity ratio was 16 percent as of the end of the
year compared to 31 percent at the end of 2008.










Agrium’s takeover bid for CF 


Agrium submitted an initial proposal to CF’s board to acquire CF for a
combination of cash and stock on February 25, 2009. The offer has been modified
several times over the past year and is still outstanding. To date, CF’s board
has refused to engage with us, despite the fact that in two separate votes 62
percent of CF’s shareholders tendered their shares to our offer. We have
announced that we will be nominating two candidates to CF’s board at their 2010
annual shareholder meeting, which is expected to take place in the spring of
2010. Only two of CF’s directors are up for election this year since CF has
staggered board elections. We believe that the combination of Agrium with CF
would create a global leader in crop nutrients, with the addition of over five
million tonnes of nitrogen capacity and over two million tonnes of phosphate
capacity to our current portfolio, as well as further significantly expanding
our wholesale distribution footprint.


The key value drivers for this acquisition include annual estimated synergies of
$150-million; our expectation that North American nitrogen will maintain its
current cost competitiveness given the difference between North American and
European natural gas prices; and, the opportunity to strengthen our phosphate
business with strong Central Florida assets, and the opportunity to
significantly augment our U.S. distribution assets.




14      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 







Our corporate mission, vision and strategy


Our mission


“Providing Ingredients for Growth.”


Our vision


“To be one of the world’s leading providers of inputs for plant growth by creating value for
each of our stakeholders.”


In pursuing our Mission and Vision, Agrium has become one of the world’s largest publicly traded
agricultural retailers and producers of crop nutrients. Our products and services play a
fundamental role in helping farmers nourish our growing world.


Growth has always been a cornerstone of our strategy. The result of this strategy and our actions
is evident in the recent growth and diversity we have achieved across all three of our operating
business units: Wholesale, Retail and Advanced Technologies (“AAT”). Agrium’s level of diversity
and rate of growth are among the key aspects that differentiate us from our peers. We evaluate each
investment according to our three guiding principles: provide value-added growth, add stability and
depth to our earnings and invest in a counter-cyclical manner. We are able to invest in a
counter-cyclical fashion due to our focus on the entire value chain. Counter-cyclical investing
involves deploying cash flows from the more cyclical parts of our business into more stable and
higher growth activities during peak cycle conditions and using cash from our more stable
businesses to reinvest in more cyclical activities during trough cycle conditions.


As a fundamental driver to the continued success of our Company, our focus on growth is reflected
in each of our core strategic goals:






     
     
     




    1 | 
     
    To invest and grow across the
agricultural value chain;


     
     
     


    2 | 
     
    To establish and/or maintain a low
cost-to-serve wholesale position; and,


     
     
     


    3 | 
     
    To diversify geographically.





Behind each of these goals is a commitment to financial discipline and to our stakeholders
including our customers, investors, suppliers, employees and the communities in which we operate.
For more details on our commitments to the environment and the communities in which we operate,
please refer to our 2007 Sustainability Report currently available at www.agrium.com, and
our 2009 Sustainability Report, which will be available in mid-2010.


Strategic Business Units


We operate and report our business through three strategic business units, each of which has
developed its own strategy, goals and tactics in alignment with Agrium’s overall corporate
strategy.


Retail | We are the largest direct-to-grower distributor of crop nutrients, crop protection
products and seed in the U.S. We also have significant retail operations in Canada and Argentina,
as well as farm centers in Uruguay and Chile. The acquisition of UAP Holding Corporation (“UAP”)
in May 2008 significantly expanded the number of retail farm centers and dramatically increased
the size of the seed and crop protection product business, including private label brands for
these products. As of January 2010, Agrium operated 826 retail centers, 37 terminals and 18
distribution centers in North and South America.


2009 net sales were $6.2-billion compared to $5.5-billion in 2008 and $2.5-billion in 2007. Gross
profit was $1.2-billion in 2009 compared to $1.4-billion in 2008 and $676-million in 2007. The
significant decline in gross profit in 2009 versus 2008 was due primarily to the decrease in crop
nutrient margins resulting from the carryover of high cost inventories from 2008 that were sold in
2009. Gross profit from crop protection products and from seed and other were all higher than last
year, which helped in stabilizing earnings and partially mitigating the decline in crop nutrient
gross profit.



15      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report







 




 




Wholesale | Our Wholesale unit produces, markets and distributes nitrogen, phosphate and
potash for agricultural and industrial customers around the world. Our facilities, operations and
investments are located in Canada, the U.S., Argentina, Egypt and Europe. Agrium has production
capacity of 8.4 million tonnes of the primary crop nutrients, which includes nitrogen, potash,
phosphate and sulphate crop nutrient products—a number that represents about 3 percent of global
capacity. In addition, we marketed 2.7 million tonnes of crop nutrient products purchased for
resale through our extensive distribution system in North and South America as well as Europe.


Wholesale’s 2009 net sales were $3.0-billion compared to $4.7-billion in 2008 and $2.8-billion in
2007. Gross profit was $642-million in 2009 compared to $1.8-billion in 2008 and $874-million in
2007. The reduction was due primarily to the significant decline in crop nutrient prices from the
record high level reached in 2008 and a significant reduction in potash sales volumes, partly due
to the prolonged Chinese contract negotiations.


Advanced Technologies | We are a leader in developing and
marketing controlled-release nutrient technologies that offer
customers economic value and environmental advantages. These
products are used in broad-based agriculture, specialty
agriculture, professional turf, horticulture, and consumer lawn
and garden markets worldwide. In the U.S. and Canada, we are
successfully marketing our ESN® (“ESN”)
controlled-release products for commodity crops such as corn,
wheat and potatoes.


AAT’s 2009 net sales were $304-million compared to $352-million
in 2008 and $249-million in 2007. Gross profit was $54-million
in 2009 compared to $79-million in 2008 and $55-million in
2007. A weaker American economy resulting in fewer U.S. housing
starts, lower consumer spending, and reduced product purchases
by golf courses in 2009 affected AAT’s turf and ornamental
results. Although ESN sales volumes were up in relation to
2008, net sales and related margins were negatively impacted by
lower average realized prices for ESN and other
controlled-release products due primarily to the overall
decline in the price of urea.


The “Other” business unit is Agrium’s non-operating business
unit where we record the elimination of inter-segment
transactions and corporate expenses. Inter-segment transactions
are primarily related to sales of crop nutrients to our Retail
and AAT units from our Wholesale unit.










16      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 




Net Sales and Gross Profit by Business Unit and Product






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Year ended December 31
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
    Net
     
     
    Gross
     
     
    Net
     
     
    Gross
     


    (millions of
U.S. dollars)
     
    Sales
     
     
    Profit
     
     
    Sales
     
     
    Profit
     





     
     
     


    Retail
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Crop nutrients
     
     
    2,522
     
     
     
    212
     
     
     
    2,718
     
     
     
    627
     


    Crop protection products
     
     
    2,638
     
     
     
    648
     
     
     
    2,115
     
     
     
    576
     


    Seed, services and other
     
     
    1,004
     
     
     
    322
     
     
     
    683
     
     
     
    223
     


     
     
     


    Total Retail
     
     
    6,164
     
     
     
    1,182
     
     
     
    5,516
     
     
     
    1,426
     


     
     
     


    Wholesale
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Nitrogen
     
     
    1,247
     
     
     
    412
     
     
     
    1,815
     
     
     
    712
     


    Potash
     
     
    333
     
     
     
    174
     
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    632
     


    Phosphate
     
     
    436
     
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    847
     
     
     
    421
     


    Product purchased for resale
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    (37
    )
     
     
    971
     
     
     
    (42
    )


    Other
     
     
    187
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    237
     
     
     
    68
     


     
     
     


    Total Wholesale
     
     
    3,019
     
     
     
    642
     
     
     
    4,686
     
     
     
    1,791
     


     
     
     


    Advanced Technologies
     
     
    304
     
     
     
    54
     
     
     
    352
     
     
     
    79
     


    Other inter-segment eliminations
     
     
    (358
    )
     
     
    65
     
     
     
    (523
    )
     
     
    (73
    )


     
     
     


    Total
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    1,943
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    3,223
     


     
     
     











17      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 









     Retail



strength in market and product growth



In
2009, our Retail operations accounted for 67 percent of Agrium’s consolidated net
sales, 61 percent of our gross profit and 32 percent of total EBITDA.


18      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 







Strategic Business Unit | RETAIL


Agrium is the largest agricultural retailer in the U.S. We also have retail operations in
Argentina, Canada, Uruguay and Chile. Our Retail business strives to provide growers with a
one-stop shop for the products and services they need to optimize crop yields and financial
returns. Retail works with growers to identify the best management practices that adhere to
their cropping, soil and climate specifications. This approach helps growers optimize economic
returns while protecting the environment and meeting society’s needs for safe, healthy,
affordable food. To accomplish this, we offer our farm customers the latest technologies,
products and experience with a commitment to environmental responsibility. We also apply a
majority of the products we sell to growers’ fields using the latest equipment, standards and
technology.



Retail | Strategy


In 2009, the key priority for our Retail business was to complete the integration of UAP and
capture the targeted synergies, while continuing our focus on providing superior customer service.
Our overall Retail strategy is grounded in five key principles that continue to guide our actions:
1) a commitment to a strict program of performance management, with detailed attention to customers
and employees; 2) the organic growth of the business in general, with particular emphasis on the
seed business and our own private label brand product lines which include Loveland crop protection
products and Dyna-Gro seed; 3) building relationships with leading growers in each of our markets,
allowing us to grow along with these customers; 4) focusing expansion in prime agricultural
regions; and, 5) optimizing returns from economies of scale across all products, systems and
services.


Retail | Key developments


In addition to purchasing 24 retail farm centers from the U.S. co-operative, Agriliance, we
acquired 23 retail outlets in Western Canada in 2009 and 10 more in early 2010. We also opened two
new retail outlets in Uruguay. As part of our focus on continuous improvement, our retail
operations are constantly looking at buying, consolidating and re-organizing our retail outlets
across our geographic locations to optimize customer service and operating efficiencies.







    
     
    Much of our effort this year focused on the successful integration of
the 2008 UAP acquisition, which added strength and diversity to Agrium’s
overall business portfolio and financial position. The Retail business
continues to be a solid source of cash flow and growth for Agrium. In
2009, Retail produced an EBITDA of $266-million and achieved $55-million
in synergies compared to targeted synergies of $80-million for 2009. We
did not achieve our full synergy target this year because of the
challenges in the retail crop nutrient market. In 2010, we expect to
meet the full target of $115-million in annual synergies from the UAP
acquisition.1



     

    
     
    We re-branded all of our U.S. and Canadian retail outlets under the
Crop Production Services name in 2009.















 




    
    
    



    (1)
     
    See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A





19      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 




Retail | Financial results


Retail net sales rose to $6.2-billion in 2009 compared to $5.5-billion in 2008 and $2.5-billion
in 2007. However, gross profit declined to $1.2-billion in 2009 compared to $1.4-billion in 2008
and $676-million in 2007. The decline from last year can be attributed primarily to the significant
drop in nutrient margins and demand. EBITDA for 2009 was $266-million compared to $560-million in
2008 and $210-million in 2007. The Retail sector has relatively high selling expenses, which tend
to vary directly with sales activity. As a result, it is important to measure EBITDA, and EBITDA as
a percent of net sales, in addition to gross margins for the Retail business.






20      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 





Retail Performance






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Year ended December 31
     


    (millions of
U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    6,164
     
     
     
    5,516
     
     
     
    2,466
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    4,982
     
     
     
    3,997
     
     
     
    1,790
     


    Inventory and purchase
commitment write-down
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    1,182
     
     
     
    1,426
     
     
     
    676
     


    Selling expenses
     
     
    882
     
     
     
    788
     
     
     
    442
     


    General and administrative
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    21
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    103
     
     
     
    80
     
     
     
    33
     


    Other expenses (income)
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    3
     


     
     
     


    EBIT
     
     
    163
     
     
     
    480
     
     
     
    177
     


     
     
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    266
     
     
     
    560
     
     
     
    210
     


    EBITDA AS PERCENT OF NET SALES (%)
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    9
     


     
     
     









Retail expenses


Retail selling expenses rose to $882-million in 2009 compared to $788-million in 2008 and
$442-million in 2007. The higher expenses were due primarily to the inclusion of a full year of
the UAP business in 2009 versus eight months in the previous year.


At 14.3 percent, total selling expense as a percentage of net sales for 2009 was unchanged from
last year and lower than the 17.9 percent in 2007.



Crop nutrients: Products and services


Crop nutrient net sales accounted for 41 percent of our total Retail net sales in 2009. Agrium
provides a full line of crop nutrient products in liquid and dry forms, including nitrogen,
phosphate, potash, sulfur and micronutrients. We typically mix crop nutrients in custom blends
based on requirements by field and customer objectives.


Our Retail operations procure crop nutrient products at market prices from a variety of producers
and wholesalers, including inter-segment purchases from the Wholesale unit. In 2009, our North
American Retail operations purchased approximately 14 percent of their crop nutrients from our
Wholesale operations.


21      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 







Crop nutrients: Financial results


Crop nutrient net sales were $2.5-billion in 2009 compared to $2.7-billion in 2008 and $1.5-billion
in 2007. The slight decrease in 2009 over the previous year was due primarily to the decline in
crop nutrient prices and margins in 2009 compared to the previous year.


Total gross profit for crop nutrients was $212-million in 2009 compared to $627-million in 2008 and
$335-million in 2007. Crop nutrient margins on a percentage basis were 8.4 percent in 2009 compared
to 23.1 percent achieved in
both 2008 and 2007. The significant decline in gross profit in 2009 was due to the large volume of
high-cost fertilizer inventories carried over from the previous year and sold into the lower price
environment in 2009. It is anticipated that both crop nutrient margins and volumes will return to
more normal levels in 2010 as the high-cost inventory position built up in late 2008 was depleted
by the fourth quarter of 2009. In addition, corn prices and per acre margins are expected to be
well above average in 2010.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Year ended December 31
     


    (millions of
U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     
     
     


    Crop nutrients
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    2,522
     
     
     
    2,718
     
     
     
    1,453
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    2,310
     
     
     
    1,998
     
     
     
    1,118
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    212
     
     
     
    627
     
     
     
    335
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    8.4
     
     
     
    23.1
     
     
     
    23.1
     


     
     
     


    Crop protection products
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    2,638
     
     
     
    2,115
     
     
     
    619
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    1,990
     
     
     
    1,539
     
     
     
    438
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    648
     
     
     
    576
     
     
     
    181
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    24.6
     
     
     
    27.2
     
     
     
    29.2
     


     
     
     


    Seed
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    731
     
     
     
    432
     
     
     
    206
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    579
     
     
     
    361
     
     
     
    166
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    152
     
     
     
    71
     
     
     
    40
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    19
     


     
     
     


    Services and other
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    273
     
     
     
    251
     
     
     
    188
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    103
     
     
     
    99
     
     
     
    68
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    170
     
     
     
    152
     
     
     
    120
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    62
     
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    64
     


     
     
     


    Total net sales (a)
     
     
    6,164
     
     
     
    5,516
     
     
     
    2,466
     


    Total cost of product sold
     
     
    4,982
     
     
     
    3,997
     
     
     
    1,790
     


    Total inventory and
purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Total gross profit
     
     
    1,182
     
     
     
    1,426
     
     
     
    676
     


     








 




    
    
    



    (a)
     
    International Retail net sales were $196-million (2008 – $331-million; 2007 –
$260-million) and gross profit was $25-million (2008 – $72-million; 2007 – $49-million).







22      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 





Crop protection products:
Products and services


Crop protection products accounted for 43 percent of Retail net sales in 2009. This product
group includes herbicides, fungicides, adjuvants and insecticides that help growers maximize yields
by optimizing crop health and reducing losses to weeds, diseases and insects. Glyphosate is the
largest crop protection product we sell, accounting for approximately 20 percent of our total crop
protection sales in 2009.


We are the largest distributor of crop protection products in the U.S. We purchase both brand name
and generic products from key suppliers and market over 200 proprietary branded products under the
Loveland Products, Inc. (“LPI”) brand name across North and South America and in approximately 30
other countries worldwide. We own and operate three blending and formulation facilities in Greeley,
Colorado, Billings, Montana, and Greenville, Mississippi. These plants produce our LPI-branded
adjuvants, herbicides, insecticides and fungicides with a total production rate of just over 250
million pounds per year.


Crop protection products: 

Financial results


Crop protection net sales increased to $2.6-billion in 2009 compared to $2.1-billion in 2008
and $619-million in 2007. The majority of the increase was due to the full-year inclusion of UAP’s
significant crop protection products business, which Agrium acquired in May 2008.


Total gross profit for crop protection products increased to $648-million compared to $576-million
in 2008 and $181-million in 2007. Gross profit in 2009 was higher than the previous year primarily
due to the inclusion of a full year of UAP. However, even after accounting for this fact, gross
profit was relatively strong despite the challenges in 2009, which included much lower crop prices
and reduced seeded crop acreage in the U.S., a drought in Argentina and severe pressure on
glyphosate prices. Crop protection product margins on a percent basis were 24.6 percent for 2009
compared to 27.2 percent for 2008 and 29.2 percent for 2007.


Glyphosate sales accounted for approximately 20 percent of Retail’s crop protection sales revenues
in 2009 and 2008. Glyphosate volumes suffered as a result of lower use of
the product for no-till burn-down activity as growers reverted to more traditional tillage methods
to control weeds in the first three quarters of 2009. Volumes were also lower due to the late, wet
spring and late harvest in 2009, and the impact of product carried over from the previous year as
farmers had pre-purchased product ahead of the large price increases in 2008. Meanwhile, increased
availability of cheaper, generic products placed downward pressure on glyphosate prices.


Plant health products such as fungicides experienced a significant reduction in sales volumes
compared to 2008. The decline in use of these products was a result of lower crop prices,
particularly during the summer of 2009, and a resulting trend among farmers to choose lower-priced
conventional methods over the most current and technologically advanced health products.







Seed, services and other: 

Products and services


For growers, Agrium’s farm centers are an important source of the latest seed products and
information within the over $15-billion U.S. seed industry. We procure seed from major global
suppliers, offering their branded seed as well as our own Dyna-Gro brand. In selecting Dyna-Gro
seed, Agrium’s seed specialists match a variety of strengths with specific soil and growing
conditions within each market. The seed segment continues to be an intense area of focus for Retail
as it has the potential for the highest levels of organic growth with values for these products
continuing to rise.


23      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 






 


To help our customers achieve optimal results from their crop nutrient and crop protection
product purchases, Agrium offers services such as product application, soil and leaf tissue testing
and analysis, and crop scouting. Employing a large fleet of application equipment, we apply crop
nutrients and crop protection products at optimal rates.


As part of our commitment to optimizing application rates and minimizing losses during crop input
applications, we also operate a wireless network of weather stations across our western region that
collect field-specific weather data and monitor soil moisture conditions. Proprietary software
interprets this data to predict plant diseases and insect infestations. Our crop advisors then
develop specific “just-in-time” crop protection recommendations. This is particularly important
given how quickly insects or diseases can reduce yields of many crops produced in this region.



Seed:
Financial results


Seed net sales were $731-million in 2009 compared to $432-million in 2008 and $206-million in 2007.
Although the increase in net sales was due primarily to the full-year inclusion of UAP’s business,
2009 saw continued strength in seed sales as farmers looked to use new products that offer higher
yield potential and improved per-acre returns. Seed gross profit was $152-million in 2009 compared
to $71-million in 2008 and $40-million in 2007. Dyna-Gro branded seed accounted for 20 percent of
our total seed sales in 2009.



Services
and other products:
Financial results


Net sales for services and other products was $273-million in 2009 compared to $251-million in 2008
and $188-million in 2007. This increase was driven primarily by the full-year inclusion of UAP’s
business, as application revenues in the spring and summer were below expected levels due to
unfavorable weather, lower crop prices and reduced fungicide applications. Gross profit was
$170-million in 2009 compared to $152-million in 2008 and $120-million in 2007.






24      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report





 




 






Retail | Quarterly results


As we market our products and services directly to the agriculture sector, Agrium’s Retail
business is seasonal. From a sales and gross profit perspective, the second quarter—the spring crop
input application period in North America—is by far Retail’s highest quarter. Due to slower sales
activity during the winter months, the first quarter has historically been Retail’s weakest
earnings quarter.



Retail Quarterly Performance






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     

    2008
     
     
    2007
     


    (millions of
U.S. dollars)
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     





     
     
     


    Net sales – Domestic
     
     
    662
     
     
     
    1,157
     
     
     
    3,118
     
     
     
    1,031
     
     
     
    916
     
     
     
    1,482
     
     
     
    2,422
     
     
     
    365
     
     
     
    454
     
     
     
    345
     
     
     
    1,087
     
     
     
    320
     


    Net sales – International
     
     
    76
     
     
     
    70
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    112
     
     
     
    84
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    101
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    17
     


     
     
     


    Total net sales
     
     
    738
     
     
     
    1,227
     
     
     
    3,148
     
     
     
    1,051
     
     
     
    1,022
     
     
     
    1,594
     
     
     
    2,506
     
     
     
    394
     
     
     
    555
     
     
     
    427
     
     
     
    1,147
     
     
     
    337
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    549
     
     
     
    973
     
     
     
    2,551
     
     
     
    909
     
     
     
    701
     
     
     
    1,178
     
     
     
    1,839
     
     
     
    279
     
     
     
    376
     
     
     
    293
     
     
     
    869
     
     
     
    252
     


    Inventory and purchase
commitment write-down
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    189
     
     
     
    254
     
     
     
    597
     
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    228
     
     
     
    416
     
     
     
    667
     
     
     
    115
     
     
     
    179
     
     
     
    134
     
     
     
    278
     
     
     
    85
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    25
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit by product
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Crop nutrients
     
     
    46
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    117
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    160
     
     
     
    335
     
     
     
    72
     
     
     
    83
     
     
     
    48
     
     
     
    159
     
     
     
    45
     


    Crop protection products
     
     
    98
     
     
     
    169
     
     
     
    304
     
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    133
     
     
     
    191
     
     
     
    223
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    56
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    52
     
     
     
    23
     


    Seed, services and other
     
     
    45
     
     
     
    54
     
     
     
    176
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    65
     
     
     
    109
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    40
     
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    67
     
     
     
    17
     


     
     
     


    EBIT
     
     
    (57
    )
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    283
     
     
     
    (94
    )
     
     
    (54
    )
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    409
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    39
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    (21
    )


    EBITDA
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    57
     
     
     
    307
     
     
     
    (68
    )
     
     
    (32
    )
     
     
    148
     
     
     
    431
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    150
     
     
     
    (13
    )


     









25      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 











Wholesale
product diversity with a global footprint



In 2009, our Wholesale operations accounted for 30 percent
of Agrium’s consolidated  net sales, 33 percent of our gross profit
and 74 percent of total EBITDA.



26      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report





 




 










Strategic
Business Unit | WHOLESALE




In 2009, our Wholesale unit produced 3.7 million tonnes of nitrogen, 0.9 million tonnes of
potash, 0.9 million tonnes of phosphate and 0.5 million tonnes of sulphate and other crop nutrient
products. We also marketed and distributed over 2.7 million tonnes of these products for
agricultural and industrial customers around the world through our purchase for resale business. In
2009, Agrium’s Wholesale operations achieved net sales of $3.0-billion and gross profits of
$642-million.

With production facilities across North America, Argentina, as well as a significant equity
investment in a world-scale facility in Egypt, plus an ever-increasing North American presence
through brownfield expansions, Agrium’s Wholesale division is a reflection of our commitment to
building strength through growth and diversity.


One of Wholesale’s primary competitive advantages lies in our broad market presence and customer
accessibility. Our extensive distribution and terminal storage network, particularly across North
America, with more than 83 terminals and warehouses with crop nutrient storage capability of 1.2
million tonnes, over 3,600 railcars under long-term lease, as well as pipeline and barge access,
ensures that our products are properly positioned to service our extensive customer base.



Wholesale | Operational geography






27      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report





 




 









By prudently pursuing our long-term strategy of investing and growing across the value chain,
Agrium’s Wholesale unit has assembled a substantial, diversified and increasingly global network of
assets—from potash and phosphate mines in North America, to domestic and international nitrogen
production facilities to an extensive and growing global fertilizer storage and distribution
system.


The primary end consumer for our Wholesale products is the agriculture market—in particular,
growers of grains, oilseeds and other crops who want to optimize returns through crop yields and
quality. Agricultural buyers account for about 85 percent of our Wholesale sales. The rest of our
sales support a broad range of industrial uses. For example, urea is used in the production of
resins in the lumber industry, potash for the recycling of aluminum, and phosphates as a retardant
material to prevent the spread of forest fires.



2009 Wholesale Capacity, Production and Sales






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (thousands of product tonnes)
     
    Capacity
     
     
    Production
     
     
    Sales
     





     


    Nitrogen volumes
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    North America
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canada
     
     
    3,345
     
     
     
    2,477
     
     
     
    1,417
     


    U.S.
     
     
    1,273
     
     
     
    678
     
     
     
    1,807
     


    International (a)
     
     
    635
     
     
     
    498
     
     
     
    542
     


     


    Total
     
     
    5,253
     
     
     
    3,654
     
     
     
    3,766
     


     


    Potash Volumes
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    North America
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canada
     
     
    2,050
     
     
     
    875
     
     
     
    56
     


    U.S.
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    411
     


    International
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    296
     


     


    Total
     
     
    2,050
     
     
     
    875
     
     
     
    763
     


     


    Phosphate volumes
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    North America
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canada
     
     
    660
     (b)
     
     
    555
     
     
     
    576
     


    U.S.
     
     
    421
     (b)
     
     
    370
     
     
     
    428
     


    International
     
     
    —
     (b)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     


    Total
     
     
    1,081 
    (b)
     
     
    925
     
     
     
    1,004
     


     


    Other volumes
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    North America
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canada
     
     
    350
     
     
     
    351
     
     
     
    218
     


    U.S.
     
     
    265
     
     
     
    129
     
     
     
    283
     


    International
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    66
     


     


    Total
     
     
    615
     
     
     
    480
     
     
     
    567
     


     










     
     
     



    (a)
     
    Only indicates 50 percent of Profertil’s capacity.


 


    (b)
     
    Capacity for SPA and MGA is
reported in cargo weight.






Wholesale strategy


Agrium’s Wholesale strategy focuses on being a leading marketer of all major fertilizer
products in our target markets, backed by lowest cost-to-serve positions. We strive to achieve this
by focusing on continuous improvement to the base business, growth in our manufacturing and
distribution business to both increase and stabilize earnings, and further international
diversification. Critical to our success are continuous improvement in environment, health, safety,
and security performance; the attraction, engagement, and retention of our employees; partnerships
to grow our business with customers and suppliers; and our commitment to the communities in which
we operate.


28      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 






Wholesale | Key developments


In early 2009, we completed a share swap providing Agrium with a 26 percent equity investment
in an Egyptian nitrogen company. The existing Egyptian nitrogen facility has an annual capacity of
675,000 tonnes of urea and 80,000 tonnes of net trade ammonia and a competitively priced gas
contract. This negotiated settlement with the Egyptian government offset a significant portion of
the impact of the cancelled construction of our majority-owned EAgrium nitrogen project in 2008.
Agrium reported equity earnings of $20-million for its interest in Egypt for the eight months it
contributed to 2009 earnings. In December 2009, Agrium announced that Egyptian Nitrogen Products
Company S.A.E. (“ENPC”), a wholly owned subsidiary of MISR Fertilizer Production Company S.A.E.,
had secured $1.05-billion of non-recourse project financing from a syndicate of Egyptian and
regional banks. This will allow ENPC to proceed with tripling of the existing nitrogen facility in
Damietta, Egypt by 2012.1 The total annual production at the site will be expanded to
1.95 million tonnes of urea and 150,000 net tonnes of trade ammonia, of which Agrium will also have
a 26 percent equity interest. Agrium also has an associated off-take contract to market all of
export tonnes from the two new expansion trains. Under the financing plan, Agrium will not be
required to put any further equity into the project.


Wholesale is committed to the acquisition of CF as we believe it would create a global leader in
crop nutrients, with the addition of over five million tonnes of nitrogen capacity and over two
million tonnes of phosphate capacity to our portfolio, as well as significantly expand our
wholesale distribution footprint. The key value drivers include annual estimated synergies of
$150-million, our expectation that North American nitrogen will maintain its current
competitiveness, and the opportunity to strengthen our phosphate business with strong Central
Florida assets.


We continued to move forward with a significant brownfield expansion at our existing Vanscoy potash
mine. This is expected to expand our production capacity by approximately 40 percent or an
additional 750,000 tonnes, subject to final project approval by our Board of Directors, which is
expected in late 2010. An Engineering, Procurement and Construction contract was recently executed
with a joint venture comprising SNC Lavalin Inc. and PCL Industrial Management Inc. to further
develop the engineering and ultimately complete the expansion. Most of the construction work on the
capacity addition is expected to be completed in 2013 and 2014. While some incremental capacity and
related additional production is expected in late 2013, the majority of the capacity expansion is
expected to be available in 2014. The full 2.8 million tonnes of annual production capacity is
expected to be achieved in 2015.1










 




    
    
    



    (1)
     
    See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking
Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A





29      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report




 




 





During the first quarter of 2010, we deferred development of our greenfield potash mine
project based in Saskatchewan. Many factors influenced this decision, including high capital costs,
an easing in the global potash supply/ demand market and the related reduction in global potash
prices, as well as the significant capital currently allocated to our brownfield potash expansion
taking into consideration the weighting between our business investment opportunities. We continue
to believe that the Triton project has a quality potash resource associated with it, and it is our
view that continued strength in underlying potash fundamentals, the potential for lower capital
costs in the future, and improved market conditions are expected to facilitate a renewal of
development at some point in the future.1



Wholesale | Financial results


Our Wholesale operations achieved net sales of $3.0-billion in 2009 compared to $4.7-billion
in 2008 and $2.8-billion in 2007. Wholesale EBIT was $495-million in 2009 compared to $1.5-billion
in 2008 and $667-million in 2007. The reduction in earnings was due primarily to lower realized
sales prices for all three nutrient products and a significant decline in potash sales volumes.



Wholesale | Expenses


Wholesale expenses decreased to $148-million in 2009 compared to $343-million in 2008 and
$207-million in 2007. The lower expenses were due mainly to a $158-million decrease in potash
profit and capital tax, attributable to the dramatic decline in both potash sales volumes and
margins in 2009, and the impact of an $87-million impairment of our investment in EAgrium in
December of 2008.









 




    
    
    



    (1)
     
    See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking
Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A





30      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report





 




 






Wholesale Performance






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Year ended December 31 



    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     
     
     


    Nitrogen
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    1,247
     
     
     
    1,815
     
     
     
    1,535
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    412
     
     
     
    712
     
     
     
    508
     


     
     
     


    Potash
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    333
     
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    305
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    174
     
     
     
    632
     
     
     
    167
     


     
     
     


    Phosphate
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    436
     
     
     
    847
     
     
     
    466
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    421
     
     
     
    118
     


     
     
     


    Product purchased for resale
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    971
     
     
     
    339
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    (37
    )
     
     
    (42
    )
     
     
    28
     


     
     
     


    Other
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    187
     
     
     
    237
     
     
     
    200
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    53
     


     
     
     


    Total net sales
     
     
    3,019
     
     
     
    4,686
     
     
     
    2,845
     


    Total gross profit
     
     
    642
     
     
     
    1,791
     
     
     
    874
     


    Selling expenses
     
     
    34
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    27
     


    General and administrative
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    22
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    119
     


    Potash profit and capital taxes
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    162
     
     
     
    28
     


    Asset impairment
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    —
     


    Earnings from equity investees
     
     
    (22
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other expenses
     
     
    97
     
     
     
    37
     
     
     
    11
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    494
     
     
     
    1,448
     
     
     
    667
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    EBIT
     
     
    495
     
     
     
    1,478
     
     
     
    667
     


     
     
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    607
     
     
     
    1,670
     
     
     
    786
     


    EBITDA as percent of net sales (%)
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    28
     


     






Nitrogen [ N ] products


Nitrogen’s fundamental role in maximizing crop growth, yield and protein levels makes it the
most important nutrient in global crop nutrient production, trade and consumption. Nitrogen
represents almost 60 percent of the total volume of crop nutrients used globally.


The building block for virtually all nitrogen products is ammonia, which can be applied directly as
a fertilizer or upgraded to urea ammonium nitrate (“UAN”) solutions and ammonium nitrate. With an
extensive ammonia distribution, storage and transportation network, Agrium is very well positioned
within North America’s ammonia industry.


Agrium owns and operates (or has a significant equity position in) seven major nitrogen facilities
in North and South America and Egypt, with a combined capacity of approximately 5.2 million tonnes
of
upgraded nitrogen products. Our production capacity places Agrium among the world’s top three
publicly traded nitrogen producers. We also own and operate five facilities in North America that
upgrade ammonia to other nitrogen products such as UAN, nitric acid and ammonium nitrate.






31      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report





 




 





The quality and diversity of our nitrogen assets are our key competitive strengths. Our
Alberta production facilities benefit from gas prices lower than benchmark U.S. gas prices (New
York Mercantile Exchange or NYMEX). Furthermore, the competitive cost position for North American
nitrogen production improved significantly relative to many other parts of the world given the
increased supply from North American shale gas production and higher gas costs in the Ukraine and
Western Europe, where gas costs are often tied to the price of oil. Our Argentine nitrogen facility
benefits from competitively priced natural gas supplies and our in-market location in the large and
growing domestic end market. Furthermore, our proximity to the large Brazilian market provides us
with a delivered cost advantage over other global exporters. Our equity interest in the Egyptian
nitrogen facility provides an ownership position in one of the lowest cost facilities in the world
with direct access to major markets in Europe and North and South America.


Agrium’s nitrogen products are sold into the agricultural and industrial markets, which
respectively account for about 75 percent and 25 percent of sales. The majority of our industrial
nitrogen sales—primarily ammonia, urea, ammonium nitrate and aqua ammonia—are produced at our
Western Canadian, North Bend and Borger nitrogen facilities and sold in Canada and the U.S.
Industrial sales are more evenly distributed throughout the year than sales to the agricultural
market. Our average sales price in a given quarter will be influenced by the relative weighting of
sales to the industrial versus the agriculture markets, particularly for ammonia. The influence of
industrial ammonia selling prices tends to be larger in the first and third quarters, which are
slower quarters for agricultural sales. Much of the industrial ammonia we sell is priced on a gas
index-plus basis, thereby providing increased stability in sales and earnings throughout the year.
This is particularly important for ammonia given the challenges of transportation and storage,
which allow us to further leverage our extensive ammonia distribution capability throughout the
year. Industrial urea sales prices are largely aligned with prices in the agricultural market.



Nitrogen | Financial results


Nitrogen
gross profit


Nitrogen gross profit was $412-million in 2009 compared to $712-million in 2008 and
$508-million in 2007. The decrease in 2009 was due primarily to lower realized sales prices across
all nitrogen products and, to a lesser extent, lower UAN sales volumes. Cost of product sold per
tonne declined by 28 percent in 2009 versus 2008 but was more than offset by a 35 percent decrease
in the average sales price.







32      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report




 




 






Nitrogen Performance






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Year ended December 31



    (millions of U.S. dollars, except as noted)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     
     
     


    Nitrogen domestic
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    1,079
     
     
     
    1,662
     
     
     
    1,284
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    744
     
     
     
    1,025
     
     
     
    892
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    335
     
     
     
    637
     
     
     
    392
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    3,224
     
     
     
    3,189
     
     
     
    3,595
     


    Selling price per tonne
     
     
    335
     
     
     
    521
     
     
     
    357
     


    Margin per tonne
     
     
    104
     
     
     
    200
     
     
     
    109
     


     
     
     


    Nitrogen International
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    168
     
     
     
    153
     
     
     
    251
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    91
     
     
     
    78
     
     
     
    135
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    75
     
     
     
    116
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    542
     
     
     
    362
     
     
     
    827
     


    Selling price per tonne
     
     
    310
     
     
     
    424
     
     
     
    304
     


    Margin per tonne
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    207
     
     
     
    140
     


     
     
     


    Total Nitrogen
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    1,247
     
     
     
    1,815
     
     
     
    1,535
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    835
     
     
     
    1,103
     
     
     
    1,027
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    412
     
     
     
    712
     
     
     
    508
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    3,766
     
     
     
    3,551
     
     
     
    4,422
     


    Selling price per tonne
     
     
    331
     
     
     
    511
     
     
     
    347
     


    Cost of product sold per tonne
     
     
    222
     
     
     
    310
     
     
     
    232
     


    Margin per tonne
     
     
    109
     
     
     
    201
     
     
     
    115
     


     









33      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report




 






 







Nitrogen prices


Global and North American benchmark nitrogen prices rose dramatically in mid-2008 but
declined significantly in late 2008 along with other commodity prices with the onset of the
global economic recession. U.S. Gulf urea prices averaged $298 per tonne in 2009, a decline of
46 percent from $551 per tonne in 2008. The five-year average price for U.S. Gulf urea prices
was $266 per tonne for the 2003-2007 period. Prices for all forms of nitrogen products including
ammonia, nitrogen solutions and ammonium nitrate experienced similar declines in year-over-year
prices. Lower nitrogen prices were due to a decline in global demand resulting from a
combination of lower crop prices, reduced global credit availability, and reduced industrial
utilization rates.






Nitrogen product cost


Cost of product sold was $835-million in 2009 compared to $1.1-billion in 2008 and
$1.0-billion in 2007. On a per tonne basis, cost of product sold in 2009 averaged $222 compared
to $310 in 2008 and $232 in 2007. Due to changes in Canadian accounting rules in 2008,
production-related depreciation expenses were included in cost of product sold, adding $11 per
tonne in both 2009 and 2008.


North America is no longer viewed as the world’s high-cost nitrogen-producing region. This
significantly improved the competitive position of North American nitrogen producers, and Agrium
continued to capture additional production cost savings by sourcing most of our natural gas
in Alberta.


In contrast, Eastern Europe and the Ukraine have shifted to being some of the world’s highest-cost
nitrogen exporting areas, which has increased the international floor price for other global
nitrogen   producers. When nitrogen prices started to decline in the fourth quarter of 2008,
Eastern European producers were the first to curtail production.


34      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 





Gas price and cost


Due to lower North American gas costs, Agrium’s average gas cost was $4.75 per MMBtu in 2009
versus $7.44 per MMBtu in 2008. The average U.S. benchmark natural gas price (NYMEX) for 2009 was
$4.03 per MMBtu versus $8.94 per MMBtu in 2008.


North American natural gas prices declined significantly in 2009 relative to 2008 as U.S. natural
gas storage reached record levels by the fall of 2009. The surge in inventories reflected lower
demand resulting from the severe economic downturn of 2008, a cool summer and increased supply
from shale gas production.


We purchased approximately 101 BCF of gas in 2009. This was four BCF lower than last year,
primarily due to some limited curtailment of our North American production in early 2009. Over the
past three years, the average Alberta gas price (AECO) was $0.80 per MMBtu lower than the price of
NYMEX gas, benefiting our Alberta production facilities. In 2009, the AECO basis differential
averaged $0.45 per MMBtu lower than NYMEX.


Our ammonia facility in Borger, Texas—our only ammonia-producing nitrogen facility in the
U.S.—accounted for about 14 percent of our
total 2009 gas purchases. Our Borger facility normally has a gas cost advantage versus NYMEX of
approximately $0.80 per MMBtu, but in 2009 it was $0.04 per MMBtu as North American basis
differentials were reduced in part due to lower overall gas prices across North America.


Our Profertil nitrogen facility in Argentina has three low-cost gas contracts denominated in U.S.
dollars. These gas contracts are based on low wellhead prices with adjustment factors based on urea
and West Texas Intermediate oil (“WTI”) reference markets. The contracts are set to expire in 2011,
2012 and 2017. These three contracts account for about 80 percent of our gas requirements. Pan
American Energy is now the largest supplier, followed by Petrobras and Repsol YPF. For the
remaining 20 percent of its gas requirements, Profertil purchases gas through a mix of spot and
shorter-term (one-and two-year) contracts, also denominated in U.S. dollars. Non-interruptible
transportation contracts are in place for all gas contracts. Gas transportation contracts for 40
percent of Profertil’s gas requirements expire in 2011 and the remaining 60 percent in 2015. The
Argentine government, at times, has reduced gas available for industrial users in favor of
residential users during the peak winter demand season.


Natural gas prices: North American indices and Agrium prices






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (U.S. dollars per MMBtu)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    NYMEX
     
     
    4.03
     
     
     
    8.94
     
     
     
    6.92
     


    AECO
     
     
    3.58
     
     
     
    7.80
     
     
     
    6.11
     


     
     
     


    Basis
     
     
    0.45
     
     
     
    1.14
     
     
     
    0.81
     


     
     
     


    Wholesale
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Average unhedged
     
     
    3.70
     
     
     
    7.49
     
     
     
    5.76
     


    Hedging impact
     
     
    (0.06
    )
     
     
    (0.05
    )
     
     
    0.02
     


    Overall weighted average (a)
     
     
    3.74
     
     
     
    7.44
     
     
     
    5.78
     


     










    (a)
     
    Weighted average gas price of all gas purchases, including our 50 percent
share of the Profertil facility.





Natural gas use (BCF)






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Western
     
     
    U.S.
     
     
    International
     
     
    Potash
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Canada
     
     
    (Borger, TX)
     
     
    (Profertil)
     
     
    and other
     
     
    Total
     





     


    2009
     
     
    69
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    101
     


    2008
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    105
     


    2007
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    110
     


     









35      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 









Sales volumes and operating rates


Wholesale nitrogen sales volumes in 2009 totalled 3.8 million product tonnes compared to 3.6
million in 2008 and 4.4 million in 2007. The nitrogen product category is primarily made up of
urea, ammonia, UAN and industrial grade ammonium nitrate. The increase in nitrogen sales was due
primarily to significantly higher urea sales volumes, due in turn to higher operating rates and
solid customer demand for urea. This was partially offset by lower UAN and ammonium nitrate volumes
resulting from reduced UAN demand from North American agricultural customers and lower ammonium
nitrate demand from industrial customers.


International sales volumes were up 50 percent (180,000 tonnes) in 2009 compared to 2008 due to
higher operating rates at our Profertil facility in 2009.



Potash [ K ] products


Agrium is North America’s third largest producer of potash, a nutrient that regulates plant
growth processes and helps protect crops from drought and disease. Potash deposits are highly
concentrated within only a few regions of the world. The world’s largest potash deposits are in
Saskatchewan, Canada, whose mines accounted for about 32 percent of global potash capacity in 2009.
Canada accounted for about 31 percent of world potash trade in 2009. Agrium produces muriate of
potash (“MOP”)—otherwise known as potash—at our mine in Vanscoy, Saskatchewan.


In 2008, we sold approximately half of our production within North America and exported the other
half to international markets. However, a dramatic decline in international demand increased the
proportion of our domestic sales volumes to 61 percent of our total potash sales volumes in 2009.
Our international sales are marketed through Canpotex—the offshore marketing agency for potash
produced in the province of Saskatchewan—wholly owned by the three major potash producers in
Canada. Our share of Canpotex total sales in 2009 was 9.28 percent.


Potash | Financial results


Potash gross profit


Our potash gross profit was $174-million in 2009, down significantly from our record result of
$632-million in 2008 but higher than the $167-million in 2007. The decline in potash gross profit
relative to 2008 was due primarily to the significant decline in sales volumes associated with the
drop in consumption in both domestic and international markets. On a per tonne basis, potash
margins averaged $228 in 2009—the second highest on record—but lower than 2008’s record $375 per
tonne. The decline in margin was due to lower sales prices and higher cost of product sold per
tonne as a result of fixed costs being spread over lower sales volumes in 2009.






36      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 





Potash Performance








     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Year ended December 31    



       (millions of U.S. dollars, except as noted)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Potash Domestic
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    213
     
     
     
    476
     
     
     
    185
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    112
     
     
     
    112
     
     
     
    84
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    101
     
     
     
    364
     
     
     
    101
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    467
     
     
     
    907
     
     
     
    865
     


    Selling price per tonne
     
     
    457
     
     
     
    525
     
     
     
    214
     


    Margin per tonne
     
     
    217
     
     
     
    401
     
     
     
    117
     


     
     
     


    Potash International
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    120
     
     
     
    340
     
     
     
    120
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    72
     
     
     
    54
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    268
     
     
     
    66
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    296
     
     
     
    779
     
     
     
    819
     


    Selling price per tonne
     
     
    404
     
     
     
    437
     
     
     
    146
     


    Margin per tonne
     
     
    247
     
     
     
    345
     
     
     
    81
     


     
     
     


    Total Potash
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    333
     
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    305
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    159
     
     
     
    184
     
     
     
    138
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    174
     
     
     
    632
     
     
     
    167
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    763
     
     
     
    1,686
     
     
     
    1,684
     


    Selling price per tonne
     
     
    436
     
     
     
    484
     
     
     
    181
     


    Cost of product sold per tonne
     
     
    208
     
     
     
    109
     
     
     
    82
     


    Margin per tonne
     
     
    228
     
     
     
    375
     
     
     
    99
     


     
     
     










37      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 









Potash prices


Agrium’s average selling price in 2009 was $436 per tonne, down 10
percent from last year’s average of $484 per tonne but well above the 2007
average of $181 per tonne. Potash prices trended downward throughout 2009,
with U.S. mid-western reference prices in December 2009 about 43 percent
lower than prices at the start of the year. Agrium’s average realized
price in international markets was $404 per tonne in 2009, an 8 percent
reduction from last year, while our realized price in the North American
market this year was $457 per tonne, a decline of 13 percent from 2008.






Potash product cost


Potash cost of product sold was $159-million in 2009 compared to $184-million in 2008 and
$138-million in 2007. On a per tonne basis, cost of product sold rose significantly to $208 in 2009
versus $109 in 2008 and $82 in 2007. The year-over-year increase in per tonne costs was due
primarily to the significant curtailment in production in the first half of 2009, as fixed costs
were spread over much lower sales volumes. Beginning in 2008, production depreciation expenses were
included in cost of product sold, with depreciation expense of $21 per tonne in 2009, compared to
2008’s expense of $11 per tonne.


Cost of product sold on a per tonne basis in 2010 will be highly dependent on operating rates,
which in turn will be driven by the level of demand.


Sales volumes and operating rates


Sales volumes were 763,000 tonnes in 2009 compared to 1.7 million tonnes in both 2008 and
2007. Potash industry operating rates in Canada and globally were severely impacted by the
dramatic reduction in global demand in
2009. Domestic sales volumes were 467,000 tonnes, 49 percent lower than last year, and
international sales volumes declined by 62 percent to 296,000 tonnes. International sales were
impacted by China’s delay in settling its 2009 potash contract with major suppliers. The continual
uncertainty caused by delayed negotiations with China created hesitation about the future potential
pricing point, which encouraged other buyers to delay purchasing potash requirements in hopes of a
further price reduction.


Agrium’s Vanscoy mine has an estimated Proven and Probable Mineral Reserve of 124 million tonnes
(24.6 percent K2O) after applying the historical extraction ratio of 27.9 percent and a Measured
and Indicated Resource of 113 million tonnes, average grade of
24.9 percent K2O. When
combined, Vanscoy has an estimated mine life of just over 40 years at the current production rate
of 2.05 million tonnes per year. Inferred Mineral Resources of 200 million tonnes, average grade of
24.7 percent K2O, have the potential to add an additional 34 years to the mine’s life at current
production rates (1).


 



    
    
    



    (1)
     
    For a full description of the assumptions and parameters applied in estimating the
potash reserves and resources, refer to “Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve Estimates- Key
Assumptions and Parameters” in the Vanscoy Technical Report by A. Dave MacKintosh, P. Geo., of
ADM Consulting Limited, dated November 6, 2009, available on www.sedar.com and
www.sec.gov/edgar.html



38      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 






Phosphate [ P ] products


Agrium is North America’s fifth largest producer of phosphate—a key nutrient that stimulates
root development and flowering and encourages early crop development. Together, Agrium’s two
phosphate facilities have the capacity to produce over one million tonnes of phosphate products
annually.


At our facility in Conda, Idaho, we produce monoammonium phosphate (“MAP”) and superphosphoric acid
(“SPA”) products, which we sell primarily in the U.S. Pacific Northwest as well as the Northern
Plains regions. Our Redwater, Alberta facility produces MAP primarily for distribution across
Western Canada.


Three primary raw materials are required to produce granular ammonium phosphates: phosphate rock,
sulfur and ammonia. Each of our two facilities has a dedicated phosphate rock mine; Redwater
obtains phosphate rock from our mine in Kapuskasing, Ontario while our Dry Valley rock mine
supplies our Conda facility 24 kilometers away. Our Redwater facility produces ammonia on-site and
sources sulfur locally. Given the significant availability of sulfur in the region, sulfur prices
are highly favorable compared to global prices. Our Conda facility sources sulfur and sulfuric acid
locally and ammonia from Agrium’s Alberta nitrogen plants.



Phosphate | Financial results


Phosphate gross profit


Our phosphate gross profit was $38-million in 2009—a significant decline from our record result
of $421-million in 2008 and $118-million in 2007. The year-over-year decline was due to average
2009 phosphate sales prices dropping by $501 per tonne from 2008 levels.










Phosphate Performance






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Year ended December 31    



          (millions of U.S. dollars, except as noted)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     
     
     


    Phosphate
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    436
     
     
     
    847
     
     
     
    466
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    398
     
     
     
    426
     
     
     
    348
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    421
     
     
     
    118
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    1,004
     
     
     
    906
     
     
     
    1,021
     


    Selling price per tonne
     
     
    434
     
     
     
    935
     
     
     
    456
     


    Cost of product sold per tonne
     
     
    396
     
     
     
    470
     
     
     
    340
     


    Margin per tonne
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    465
     
     
     
    116
     


     





39      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 









Phosphate prices


Benchmark prices for phosphate products also decreased significantly in 2009 compared to 2008.
Central Florida DAP (di-ammonium phosphate) prices averaged $291 per tonne in 2009 compared to the
record annual average price of $861 per tonne in 2008 a drop of $570 per tonne. The dramatic
decline in phosphate prices resulted from the significant reduction in global demand for
phosphate.







Phosphate product costs


Our cost of product sold decreased to $398-million in 2009 compared to $426-million in 2008,
and was $348-million in 2007. On a per tonne basis, cost of product sold was $396 in 2009—lower
than the per tonne average of $470 in 2008 but slightly higher than 2007’s average of $340. The
decrease in cost was due to lower sulfur prices and the reduction in the cost of our integrated
ammonia production as a result of the significant decline in natural gas prices in 2009. This more
than offset the impact of a higher Canadian dollar in 2009. Depreciation expenses were $31 per
tonne in 2009 and $29 per tonne in 2008. The current economic life of our Kapuskasing facility does
not extend beyond 2013. We continue to evaluate longer-term solutions for the ongoing operation of
the Redwater phosphate facility, beyond the economic life of the Kapuskasing phosphate rock mine.
These include returning to utilizing rock imported from offshore sources as a feedstock for our
Redwater phosphate operations and the potential for continued extraction of the ore deposit at
Kapuskasing.



Sales volumes and operating rates


Our total sales volumes were 1,004,000 tonnes in 2009, up from 906,000 tonnes in 2008 and
similar to the 1,021,000 tonnes sold in 2007. Operating rates during the first half of 2009 were
impacted by the relatively low crop nutrient demand in the spring of 2009, but demand and
application rates improved in the second half of 2009, allowing sales to return to more normal
levels.














40      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 







Other wholesale products


Our other wholesale product group includes our Rainbow® Plant Food (Rainbow) business produced
in the south-eastern U.S. as well as ammonium sulphate products produced in Western Canada. The
Rainbow product line offers homogenous NPK products, with a specific combination of nutrients
contained in each granule. These products are used on high-value crops such as tobacco, cotton,
peanuts and vegetables as well as some commodity crops. This alternative to the more common
practice of blending different nutrient granules at a farm center offers numerous advantages,
including reduced product segregation and a more unified distribution of nutrients. Rainbow
products are produced at our three facilities in Americus, Georgia, Hartsville, South Carolina,
and Florence, Alabama.


Ammonium sulphate fertilizer contains both nitrogen and sulfur and is one of the most effective
ways to supply sulfur to soils. Ammonium sulphate is immediately available to the crop and sized
for uniform blending with other dry fertilizer products. Ammonium sulphate is produced at our
Redwater facility with ammonia produced on-site and sulfur sourced locally. We also market product
produced by another company at their facility in Fort McMurray, Alberta.



Other wholesale financial results


In 2009, our Other Wholesale gross profit was $55-million compared to $68-million in 2008 and
$53-million in 2007. The lower gross profit in 2009 compared to 2008 was due to Rainbow products
experiencing lower sales volumes in 2009 and the impact of carrying over higher cost inventory
from 2008 that was sold in 2009. Gross profit from ammonium sulphate was also lower than 2008 due
to lower sales prices.



Other wholesale prices


In 2009, benchmark ammonium sulphate prices averaged $206 per tonne versus $339 per tonne in
2008 and $227 per tonne in 2007, reflecting the reduction in all crop nutrient prices this year.



Other wholesale product cost


In 2009, our Other Wholesale cost of product sold was $132-million compared to $169-million in
2008 and $147-million in 2007. The lower cost of product sold in 2009 was a result of lower prices
for natural gas and sulfur used in the production of ammonium sulphate, lower input costs and lower
sales volumes.



Product purchased for resale products


In addition to selling our manufactured products, Agrium’s Wholesale unit purchases crop
nutrient products from other suppliers for resale to our customers in North and South America and
across Europe. This allows us to optimize the value of our extensive distribution and marketing
capability beyond what is possible through the sale of our manufactured product alone, especially
as the role of imports into North America and Europe has increased over the past several years.


Net sales for product purchased for resale were $816-million compared to $971-million in 2008 and
$339-million in 2007. The year-over-year decline in 2009 was due to a reduction in potash purchased
for resale, which more than offset the full-year impact from sales by Common Market Fertilizers
S.A. (“CMF”), acquired in mid-2008. Total sales volumes for this business in 2009 were 2.7 million
tonnes compared to 1.8 million tonnes in 2008 (which included a partial year’s contribution from
CMF) with 2009 geographic sales volumes as follows: 0.8 million tonnes in North America; 1.7
million tonnes in Europe; 0.1 million tonnes in South America; and, 0.1 million tonnes in other
regions.


On a per tonne basis, the average selling price was $305 in 2009 versus $545 in 2008. Cost of
product sold was $853-million in 2009 compared to $1-billion in 2008. The increase in volume was
due entirely to the addition of CMF, as crop nutrient prices and sales volumes in North America
and globally experienced the largest decline in over three decades.


Gross profit decreased moderately in 2009 with a loss of $37-million compared to a loss of $42-million in 2008 and compared to gross profit of $28-million in 2007. The negative margins in 2009
were due to the unprecedented decline in pricing for all three major crop nutrients and the
associated impact of high-cost inventory being carried into a lower price environment.






41      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 





This situation resulted in a write-down of $56-million for this business in 2009. We
implemented a number of new processes and procedures in 2009 to reduce the risk associated with
this business. We anticipate this business to return to a more normal profit level in 2010 as
nutrient prices stabilize and sales volumes return to more normal levels.1


Distribution and storage


To meet our agricultural customers’ highly seasonal demand, we have developed an extensive
transportation, storage and warehousing system to optimize deliverability during peak demand
periods. We also have over 3,600 railcars under long-term lease and use barges, pipelines, and
ocean vessels to move our product. Our CMF acquisition in 2008 significantly strengthened our
position in Europe, where CMF owns and leases over 300,000 tonnes of dry and liquid storage at both
port and inland sites. We plan to move a significant volume of urea from the expanded Egyptian
facility into Europe when the two additional ammonia and urea trains start production in 2012.



Wholesale I Quarterly results


As the agricultural sector is our primary market, our Wholesale results tend to fluctuate with
the seasons of crop production. The second quarter, which coincides with the spring application
season in North America, is typically Wholesale’s most important quarter from a sales volume and
gross profit perspective. The fourth quarter is often important as it encompasses the fall
fertilizer application season in the Northern Hemisphere and the spring application season in
Argentina. The first quarter is normally the weakest, as application and sales volumes are light in
the winter months. In 2009, the North American spring season was impacted by the significant
decline in application rates of potash and phosphate from normal levels. The decline resulted from
a combination of growers deferring applications to future periods due to economic considerations as
well as cold, wet weather and a late fall harvest, all of which shortened both the spring and fall
crop input application seasons. In addition, drought conditions in Argentina reduced nutrient
application rates in that region. The fall season was also impacted by the latest corn harvest on
record in the U.S.









 




    
    
    



    (1)
     
    See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A





42      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report





 




 






Wholesale Quarterly Results






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007



    (millions of U.S. dollars, except as noted)
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     





     
     
     


    Net sales — external
     
     
    621
     
     
     
    562
     
     
     
    872
     
     
     
    653
     
     
     
    857
     
     
     
    1,445
     
     
     
    1,279
     
     
     
    646
     
     
     
    814
     
     
     
    524
     
     
     
    819
     
     
     
    438
     


    Net sales — inter-segment
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    96
     
     
     
    78
     
     
     
    42
     
     
     
    125
     
     
     
    154
     
     
     
    118
     
     
     
    62
     
     
     
    94
     
     
     
    39
     
     
     
    71
     
     
     
    46
     



     
     
     


    Total net sales
     
     
    716
     
     
     
    658
     
     
     
    950
     
     
     
    695
     
     
     
    982
     
     
     
    1,599
     
     
     
    1,397
     
     
     
    708
     
     
     
    908
     
     
     
    563
     
     
     
    890
     
     
     
    484
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    534
     
     
     
    516
     
     
     
    706
     
     
     
    560
     
     
     
    578
     
     
     
    946
     
     
     
    815
     
     
     
    435
     
     
     
    565
     
     
     
    405
     
     
     
    613
     
     
     
    388
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    180
     
     
     
    133
     
     
     
    212
     
     
     
    117
     
     
     
    283
     
     
     
    653
     
     
     
    582
     
     
     
    273
     
     
     
    343
     
     
     
    158
     
     
     
    277
     
     
     
    96
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    41
     
     
     
    42
     
     
     
    39
     
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    28
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    20
     


     
     
     


    Nitrogen
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    294
     
     
     
    260
     
     
     
    464
     
     
     
    229
     
     
     
    355
     
     
     
    498
     
     
     
    635
     
     
     
    327
     
     
     
    503
     
     
     
    311
     
     
     
    488
     
     
     
    233
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    199
     
     
     
    180
     
     
     
    280
     
     
     
    174
     
     
     
    219
     
     
     
    294
     
     
     
    389
     
     
     
    201
     
     
     
    292
     
     
     
    227
     
     
     
    324
     
     
     
    184
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    80
     
     
     
    182
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    136
     
     
     
    204
     
     
     
    246
     
     
     
    126
     
     
     
    211
     
     
     
    84
     
     
     
    164
     
     
     
    49
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    930
     
     
     
    919
     
     
     
    1,244
     
     
     
    673
     
     
     
    691
     
     
     
    838
     
     
     
    1,254
     
     
     
    768
     
     
     
    1,303
     
     
     
    932
     
     
     
    1,395
     
     
     
    792
     


    Selling price (per tonne)
     
     
    316
     
     
     
    283
     
     
     
    373
     
     
     
    340
     
     
     
    514
     
     
     
    594
     
     
     
    506
     
     
     
    426
     
     
     
    386
     
     
     
    334
     
     
     
    350
     
     
     
    294
     


    Margin (per tonne)
     
     
    102
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    146
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    197
     
     
     
    243
     
     
     
    196
     
     
     
    164
     
     
     
    162
     
     
     
    90
     
     
     
    118
     
     
     
    62
     


     
     
     


    Potash
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    135
     
     
     
    109
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    42
     
     
     
    192
     
     
     
    249
     
     
     
    244
     
     
     
    131
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    65
     
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    52
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    53
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    44
     
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    44
     
     
     
    26
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    74
     
     
     
    56
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    159
     
     
     
    202
     
     
     
    184
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    57
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    51
     
     
     
    26
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    353
     
     
     
    273
     
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    76
     
     
     
    283
     
     
     
    380
     
     
     
    574
     
     
     
    449
     
     
     
    462
     
     
     
    354
     
     
     
    535
     
     
     
    333
     


    Selling price (per tonne)
     
     
    382
     
     
     
    399
     
     
     
    770
     
     
     
    553
     
     
     
    678
     
     
     
    655
     
     
     
    425
     
     
     
    292
     
     
     
    201
     
     
     
    184
     
     
     
    178
     
     
     
    156
     


    Margin (per tonne)
     
     
    210
     
     
     
    205
     
     
     
    377
     
     
     
    276
     
     
     
    562
     
     
     
    532
     
     
     
    321
     
     
     
    194
     
     
     
    123
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    78
     


     
     
     


    Phosphate
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    91
     
     
     
    114
     
     
     
    118
     
     
     
    113
     
     
     
    153
     
     
     
    317
     
     
     
    235
     
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    139
     
     
     
    108
     
     
     
    145
     
     
     
    74
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    90
     
     
     
    114
     
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    67
     
     
     
    122
     
     
     
    139
     
     
     
    98
     
     
     
    92
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    110
     
     
     
    64
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    86
     
     
     
    195
     
     
     
    96
     
     
     
    44
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    10
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    232
     
     
     
    310
     
     
     
    260
     
     
     
    202
     
     
     
    137
     
     
     
    240
     
     
     
    297
     
     
     
    232
     
     
     
    266
     
     
     
    223
     
     
     
    335
     
     
     
    197
     


    Selling price (per tonne)
     
     
    392
     
     
     
    368
     
     
     
    454
     
     
     
    559
     
     
     
    1,117
     
     
     
    1,321
     
     
     
    791
     
     
     
    612
     
     
     
    523
     
     
     
    484
     
     
     
    433
     
     
     
    376
     


    Margin (per tonne)
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    (3
    )
     
     
    46
     
     
     
    129
     
     
     
    628
     
     
     
    813
     
     
     
    323
     
     
     
    190
     
     
     
    177
     
     
     
    117
     
     
     
    104
     
     
     
    51
     


     
     
     


    Other
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    81
     
     
     
    45
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    67
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    57
     
     
     
    52
     
     
     
    34
     
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    46
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    58
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    46
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    41
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    5
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    146
     
     
     
    100
     
     
     
    176
     
     
     
    145
     
     
     
    69
     
     
     
    144
     
     
     
    202
     
     
     
    168
     
     
     
    185
     
     
     
    132
     
     
     
    236
     
     
     
    219
     


     
     
     


    Product purchased for resale
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    161
     
     
     
    149
     
     
     
    240
     
     
     
    266
     
     
     
    251
     
     
     
    468
     
     
     
    201
     
     
     
    51
     
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    45
     
     
     
    94
     
     
     
    79
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    157
     
     
     
    155
     
     
     
    239
     
     
     
    246
     
     
     
    238
     
     
     
    437
     
     
     
    172
     
     
     
    45
     
     
     
    107
     
     
     
    43
     
     
     
    88
     
     
     
    73
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    (13
    )
     
     
    (28
    )
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    (108
    )
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     


    Tonnes sold (‘000)
     
     
    598
     
     
     
    510
     
     
     
    681
     
     
     
    883
     
     
     
    388
     
     
     
    905
     
     
     
    376
     
     
     
    112
     
     
     
    276
     
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    310
     
     
     
    261
     


    Selling price (per tonne)
     
     
    269
     
     
     
    292
     
     
     
    352
     
     
     
    301
     
     
     
    647
     
     
     
    517
     
     
     
    535
     
     
     
    455
     
     
     
    438
     
     
     
    372
     
     
     
    303
     
     
     
    303
     


    Margin (per tonne)
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    (41
    )
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    (278
    )
     
     
    34
     
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    54
     
     
     
    51
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    23
     


     
     
     


    EBIT
     
     
    140
     
     
     
    83
     
     
     
    215
     
     
     
    57
     
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    412
     
     
     
    647
     
     
     
    313
     
     
     
    277
     
     
     
    96
     
     
     
    232
     
     
     
    62
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    169
     
     
     
    115
     
     
     
    244
     
     
     
    79
     
     
     
    214
     
     
     
    439
     
     
     
    682
     
     
     
    335
     
     
     
    307
     
     
     
    126
     
     
     
    261
     
     
     
    92
     


     





43      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report




 






 










Advanced Technologies
     innovation and strong growth potential


Our range of AAT products are cost effective and environmentally friendly by design.



44      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report





 




 





Strategic Business Unit | ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES




AAT is focused on new product innovation and growth as it develops and markets
controlled-release fertilizer technologies that offer customers economic value and environmental
advantages. These products are used in broad-based agriculture, specialty agriculture,
professional turf, horticulture, and consumer lawn and garden markets worldwide.





In the U.S. and Canada, we are successfully marketing our ESN controlled-release
products for commodity crops such as corn, wheat and potatoes. ESN is a specially designed
polymer-coated fertilizer that releases nitrogen depending on the temperature and moisture of the
soil. Benefits of ESN include the ability to increase crop yields, improve nutrient efficiency,
allow for a wider window of nutrient applications, reduce fuel costs and save growers’ time by
lowering the required number of passes over a field.



Advanced Technologies | Strategy and key developments


Advanced Technologies was created to deliver value-added crop nutrient solutions to customers
around the world, providing high-value products to specialty end markets while leveraging its
strengths in providing environmentally beneficial crop nutrient technology to high-volume
agriculture markets.


Our three key areas of strategic focus are:







    1 |
     
    Growing the base North American
business;



     

    2 |
     
    Developing new products to support
existing and new market opportunities; and,



     

    3 |
     
    Expanding internationally with current
and future technologies.




Our patented, environmentally smart nitrogen product, ESN, provides growers with significant
financial and environmental benefits by reducing nitrogen loss and improving crop yields. During
2009, capital upgrades were completed at our Sylacauga location, allowing the facility to produce
ESN. This investment increased our
total ESN production capacity by approximately 18,000 tonnes.


AAT facilities are located in key markets, thereby reducing costs and allowing us to better serve
our customers. Complementing this strategy, construction was initiated at our new ESN plant in New
Madrid, Missouri, with operational production scheduled for early 2010. AAT’s total ESN production
capacity will be increased by 110,000 tonnes with the addition of this facility, bringing AAT’s
total ESN production capacity to 328,000 tonnes at three separate locations.1 There is
the potential to double the New Madrid plant’s capacity after completion of Phase 1 of the project,
which would bring our total ESN production capacity to 438,000 tonnes per year.


During 2009, AAT moved its headquarters from Brantford, Ontario, to Loveland, Colorado, for
improved efficiency and to be closer to its U.S. customer base. The majority of future growth
potential for AAT will be in the U.S., and this move will help AAT focus on principal growth areas.
Additionally, with the transfer of Agrium Retail’s Professional Products East business and its 32
retail outlets to AAT, AAT has established a direct retail channel to the end user in the turf and
ornamental market.



Advanced Technologies | Products and services


Our AAT business unit comprises crop nutrient technologies and professional products. This
business unit has developed numerous products for key markets under specific brand names.


Crop nutrient technologies include the manufacturing and marketing of controlled-release crop
nutrients and micronutrients that





 




    
    
    



    (1)
     
    See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A








45      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 
































are sold to the crop nutrient industry worldwide. AAT has numerous arrangements with
distributors in North America. Crop nutrient technology products are currently produced in four
production facilities in North America: Sylacauga, Alabama; Reese, Michigan; Courtright, Ontario;
and, Carseland, Alberta.


Professional products include controlled-release nutrients and pest control products sold
primarily to the North American professional turf and horticultural markets and structural pest
control industry. Professional products are marketed through distributor networks and
direct-to-market approaches. Professional products are purchased from suppliers or produced in
three North American production facilities located in Sylacauga, Alabama; Putnam, Ontario; and
Brighton, Ontario.


We have the capability to produce a broad spectrum of controlled and slow-release fertilizers
including polymer-coated, sulfur-coated and reacted products in a variety of sizes and composition
to meet the specific needs of our target markets.


AAT also maintains a strong focus on product innovation at our Sylacauga, Alabama, research
facility. Internal research is focused on product development and cost saving potential, with
supporting agronomic research conducted externally at agricultural institutions across North
America.


AAT is reported in two broad product lines:


1 | Crop Nutrient Technologies, including ESN (Agriculture)


ESN encapsulates urea inside a specially designed polymer coating that releases nitrogen depending
on soil temperature and moisture—the same factors that drive plant growth and the need for
nitrogen. Therefore, the release of nitrogen is better matched to the needs of the growing plant,
increasing nutrient uptake by the plant and reducing nutrient losses to the environment. As a
result, ESN has the ability to increase crop yields, improve nutrient efficiency, widen the window
for nutrient application, reduce fuel costs and save growers’ time by lowering the required number
of passes over a field. ESN is targeted at broad acre agricultural crops such as corn, wheat and
potatoes.


2 | Professional Product (Turf and Ornamental)


AAT’s Professional Products include goods directed to professional turf, horticulture and
structural pest control customers in North America.


Professional Products customers include golf courses, lawn care companies, horticulture and
nurseries, homeowners, specialty agriculture and pest control operators. The creation of AAT has
increased our product offering to our professional customers. There are more than 15,000 golf
courses in the U.S. and an estimated 2,000 in Canada. Golf courses—which spend an annual average
of over $40,000 each on fertilizer, seeds and pest control products—are key customers for our
products.


Products offered through AAT are marketed to the following consumers:







     
    
     
    Agriculture | A polymer-coated, environmentally sensitive, controlled-release fertilizer
that provides both environmental and economic benefits for broad acre crops (ESN®);



     

     
    
     
    Specialty Agriculture | Products designed specifically for high-value crops such as
strawberries and other food crops (Polyon® and Duration®);



     

     
    
     
    Professional Turf | Branded specialty fertilizer products with slow-release or
controlled-release technologies suitable for golf course turf, lawn care and sport field
applications (XCU™, Polyon®, Duration®, Nutralene®, Nitroform®, IB Nitrogen®) and
associated branded professional products (ProTurf®, Nu-Gro®) in Canada;



     

     
    
     
    Horticulture | Products and blends designed specifically for the nursery market
(Polyon®, Duration®, Nitroform®); and,



     

     
    
     
    Consumer Lawn and Garden | (Polyon®, Duration®, Nutralene®).





46      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 










Advanced Technologies | Financial results


AAT’s operations had net sales of $304-million in 2009 compared to $352-million in 2008 and
$249-million in 2007. EBIT was $3-million in 2009 compared to $33-million in 2008 and $13-million
in 2007. The lower sales and earnings were due primarily to lower turf and ornamental product
sales volumes and margins and lower net realizable sales values for ESN. The economic recession
negatively impacted spending by golf courses and other professional product customers. ESN prices
and resulting margins were impacted by the overall decline in the price of urea. In August 2009,
Agrium Retail transferred its Professional Products East business and its 32 retail locations to
AAT, providing a direct retail channel in the turf and ornamental market. This transfer
contributed
$31-million in net sales and $8-million in
gross profit for the year. The EBITDA
contribution was negligible.







Advanced Technologies | Expenses


Expenses for AAT were $51-million in 2009 compared to $46-million in 2008 and $42-million in
2007. Selling and general administration costs were higher in 2009 versus 2008 as a result of
severance and relocation costs related to the move of headquarters to Loveland, Colorado, and the
new turf and ornamental operations transferred from Retail. This was offset by higher earnings
experienced from our 19.5 percent equity interest in Hanfeng in 2009 and a non-recurring facility
closure cost experienced in 2008.






47      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report




 




 






Advanced Technologies Financial Results






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Year ended December 31



    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     







     
     
     
     
     
     


    Turf and Ornamental 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     



    Net sales
     
     
    222
     
     
     
    239
     
     
     
    189
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    186
     
     
     
    194
     
     
     
    149
     


    Inventory write-down
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gross Profit
     
     
    34
     
     
     
    43
     
     
     
    40
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Agriculture
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    113
     
     
     
    60
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    62
     
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    45
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gross Profit
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    15
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Total net sales
     
     
    304
     
     
     
    352
     
     
     
    249
     


    Total cost of product sold
     
     
    248
     
     
     
    271
     
     
     
    194
     


    Inventory write-down
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Total gross profit
     
     
    54
     
     
     
    79
     
     
     
    55
     


    Selling expenses
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    10
     


    General and administrative
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    18
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    16
     


    Earnings from equity investees
     
     
    (5
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Other income
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    (2
    )


     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBIT
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    13
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    29
     


    EDITDA as percent of net sales (%)
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    12
     



     















Advanced Technologies |
Quarterly earnings


As with our other business units, the AAT
business is seasonal. For our turf and
ornamental products other than ESN, the first
and second quarters are typically the
strongest. This is earlier than the key sales
season for ESN and wholesale crop nutrients,
as our customers include golf courses and
blenders and formulators in turf and
ornamental businesses (which tend to order
product well ahead of the start of the season)
and retail lawn and garden companies (which
need to blend our product ahead of the spring
season). For these products, the third quarter
has historically been the weakest, as golf
courses and blenders for the lawn and garden
business already have supplies in place for
the summer and fall seasons. Sales are likely
to be more even across the second through the
fourth quarters as ESN becomes a larger
component of AAT’s business.


48      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 






Advanced Technologies Quarterly Results






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     

2009

     
    2008

     
    2007



    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     
     
    Q4
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q1
     






     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales – external 
     
     
    85
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    71
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    75
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    58
     
     
     
    45
     
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    46
     


    Net sales – 
inter-segment
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    6
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Total net sales
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    67
     
     
     
    76
     
     
     
    90
     
     
     
    107
     
     
     
    79
     
     
     
    70
     
     
     
    46
     
     
     
    81
     
     
     
    52
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    49
     
     
     
    65
     
     
     
    57
     
     
     
    57
     
     
     
    65
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    62
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    41
     


    Inventory 
write-down
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gross profit 
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    11
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    28
     
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    21
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBIT
     
     
    (6
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    5
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    8
     



     
     
     
     
     
     
     











Other business unit


Our Other business unit is a non-operating segment comprising corporate and
administrative functions and costs that provide support and governance to our
operating business units.


The Other unit is also used to eliminate inter-segment transactions so each
operating segment can be evaluated and managed on a stand-alone basis, with all
transactions reflected at arm’s-length consideration. The main eliminations
relate to purchase and sale transactions between our Retail, Wholesale and AAT
business units.


Expenses included in EBIT of our non-operating segment primarily comprise
general and administrative costs from our headquarters in Calgary, Alberta, and
other expenses such as regulatory compliance, foreign translation gains and
losses, financing costs and business development costs associated with
evaluating new growth opportunities.


EBIT was an $80-million loss in 2009 compared to a $25-million profit in 2008
and a $142-million loss in 2007. The decrease in EBIT in 2009 compared to 2008
is due primarily to the impact of foreign exchange losses as a result of the
strengthening Canadian dollar in 2009. The reporting of stock-based compensation
expense in 2009 versus a recovery of stock-based compensation expense in 2008
also contributed to 2009’s EBIT decrease.



Key business drivers


The primary driver for Agrium’s business is the need for the world’s growers
to sustain and increase the production of grain, oilseeds and other crops to
feed and fuel growing global demand.


Key factors directly impacting our crop input businesses include:



1  | Global Grain Prices







     
    
     
    Higher grain prices typically motivate growers to both expand seeded
acreage and increase crop input applications to optimize yields—outcomes
that benefit all of Agrium’s business units; and,



     

     
    
     
    Growing populations and rising global Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”)
that leads to improved diets among the rapidly growing Asian middle-class,
generally correlated with stronger commodity prices, apply upward pressure
to grain consumption and prices, which helps support demand for all crop
inputs (crop protection products, nutrients, seed and related services).








49      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 



2 | Supply and Demand Balance for the Major Crop Inputs







     
    
     
    When crop acreage and crop prices increase, crop input application rates and overall
crop input demand is supported;



     

     
    
     
    Weather and pest pressure factors can impact crop input demand on a short term and
regional basis;



     

     
    
     
    New production facilities and/or facility closures can influence global production
capacity and, by extension, the global supply of each nutrient and/or input product; and,



     

     
    
     
    Supply is also tied to global operating rates, which can be affected by the price of the
crop nutrient relative to the cost of production. Cost of production is influenced by the
price and availability of key raw materials (particularly natural gas prices or the cost of
sulfur for phosphate production), including the impact of changes in currency valuation.





3 | Government Policies or Actions







     
    
     
    Changes in tax structure, regulatory bodies, environmental compliance and other
interventions can positively or negatively impact the cost of doing business in a given
region of the world;



     

     
    
     
    Government actions that support a country’s agriculture sector (for example, introducing
a program that provides additional credit to growers or supports specific grower practices)
can impact crop input demand; and,



     

     
    
     
    A change in government policy pertaining to imports, exports or regulated pricing of
crop inputs can influence supply, demand and pricing for these products.





4 | Global and Regional Gross Domestic Product


The rate of growth in GDP impacts demand for our Wholesale industrial products and can impact
demand for our controlled-release products as it did in 2009, when housing starts and expenditures
by golf courses were lower. On a longer term basis, the rate of growth in global GDP can also
influence the rate of growth in demand for high protein diets, which in turn raises demand for
animal feed and crop inputs.


In addition to these key business drivers, the increased global emphasis and demand by many
stakeholders for environmentally, socially and economically sustainable products has the potential
to impact product demand in certain markets and continues to influence the development of new
products, services and practices.







50      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 













Outlook


     global factors and a growing demand


51      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report




 




 










Agriculture


Grain and oilseed prices rallied in late 2009 and early 2010 from the lows seen in the summer
of 2009, partly aided by signs of improved global economic outlook. Global grain and oilseed prices
are currently well above historic averages, despite the second consecutive year of strong global
crop production, robust global demand and strength in commodity prices continue to support grain
and oilseed markets and most crop margins.



Crop protection products


The crop protection products business has historically had much more stable volumes and prices
than the crop nutrient business. However, the sector experienced more volatility than usual in
2009, as expenditures declined due to reduced glyphosate prices and demand. We anticipate demand
for crop protection products to be strong in 2010 due to favorable crop economics.



Seed and agricultural services


Innovation in seed varieties—notably of corn, soybeans and cotton—is expected to continue to
lead to higher seed pricing in 2010. We expect adoption of new genetic technologies will continue
to increase, notably for products with stacked genetics.



Crop nutrients


Prices and demand for all three nutrients have been extremely volatile over the past couple of
years. In the last half of 2009, the elimination of high cost nutrient inventory at the retail
level and a rebound in grain and oilseed prices, reduced the price and volume uncertainty in the
crop nutrient market. Demand was hampered in the fall application season due to a delayed U.S.
harvest, which analysts anticipate will lead to greater demand for all three nutrients in the first
half of 2010 as farmers attempt to replenish soil nutrient levels. In addition, record corn yields
in the U.S. in the 2009 growing season means a large draw on soil reserves, which will need to be
replenished in the upcoming year.



Nitrogen


The nitrogen supply and demand fundamentals appear to be firm heading into 2010. Global urea
trade was down 15 percent in the first half of 2009, but analysts expect a significant improvement
in 2010. In addition to increased demand, reports in early 2010 that Ukrainian natural gas costs
will increase further in 2010 should support the floor price of nitrogen on the global market.
China is expected to continue to be a net urea exporter in 2010 but exports have been limited in
early 2010 due to reports of increased costs due to tight feedstock availability in China.







52      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 









Chinese urea exports decreased by over 20 percent in 2009, and we expect Chinese exports in
2010 will depend on a combination of domestic export tax policy, domestic operating rates and the
level of demand on a global scale. We do not expect changes in export tax policy in 2010 to
materially affect Chinese exports.


Further support for the global nitrogen market is expected to arise from strengthening industrial
and ammonium phosphate markets. In 2009, low industrial utilization rates, especially in the first
half of the year, reduced ammonia demand, but analysts expect improved global economic growth to
improve industrial demand. In addition, higher utilization rates by ammonium phosphate producers in
2010 should support ammonia demand.



Phosphate


The global phosphate market demonstrated significant improvement in early 2010 after dramatic
declines in late 2008 and early 2009. In the first half of 2009, Indian imports of DAP/MAP were up
over 70 percent, while imports by the rest of the world were down over 35 percent. This turned
around in the third quarter of 2009 as imports from countries outside of India were double their
2008 levels.


Analysts expect an above-average increase in phosphate fertilizer demand globally in 2010, driven
by favorable crop economics and a return to more normal application rates relative to 2009. This is
expected to be even more
significant in the U.S. market, where phosphate fertilizer demand fell more than the global
average, and where corn acreage is expected by most analysts to increase in 2010. North American
operating rates increased in early 2010 and prices for raw materials, notably sulphur and ammonia,
showed considerable strength in early 2010. In addition, non-integrated producer costs started to
increase again due to a recent tightening in global phosphate rock and phosphoric acid markets.
Increased non-integrated producer costs support the floor price of phosphate fertilizers.



Potash


The potash market experienced relatively larger declines in global demand than the other two
nutrients. Supply contracts with China and India, which together accounted for 29 percent of global
potash imports in 2007, were delayed in 2009. Globally, pipeline inventories of potash that were
built up during 2008 were drawn down in 2009, leading to a significant reduction in wholesale
deliveries. Analysts are projecting a significant rebound in deliveries and consumption in 2010
driven by tightened pipeline inventories, reduced market prices and the need to replenish soil
nutrient reserves. Increased demand is also supported by strong prices of many global agricultural
commodities including corn, soybeans, sugar and palm oil.



53      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 









Key business sensitivities


Our financial results are sensitive to a number of factors that affect our operations and
resulting net earnings. The following table sets out the impact of changes in some key variables on
our earnings based on activity levels at the end of 2009.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Consolidated
     


     
     
    Change
     
     
    Consolidated
     
     
    Net Earnings
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars, except as noted)
     
    in Factor
     
     
    EBIT Impact
     
     
    Impact(f)
     





    Wholesale Margins (a)(b)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Nitrogen (c)
     
    $
    10.00
     
     
     
    40
     
     
     
    30
     


    Potash (d)
     
    $
    10.00
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    12
     


    Phosphate
     
    $
    10.00
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    7
     


    Product purchased for resale
     
    $
    10.00
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    22
     


    Retail Margins (e)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Crop Nutrients
     
     
    1.00
    %
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    21
     


    Crop Protection Products
     
     
    1.00
    %
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    19
     


    Seed
     
     
    1.00
    %
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    6
     


    Exchange Rate from CAD to USD
     
    $
    0.01
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    8
     


    Exchange Rate from Argentine Peso to USD
     
    0.3 Pesos
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    1
     


    Stock-based compensation expense
     
    $1.00 change in share price
     
     
     
    2.6
     
     
     
    1.8
     



     









 




    
    
    



    (a)
     
    Change in factor is per metric tonne.


 


    (b)
     
    The sensitivity for natural gas price is excluded from this table as changes in gas price
may be offset by nitrogen pricing. However, without any offset in pricing, the sensitivity
to earnings for a $0.50/MMBtu change in NYMEX gas prices is $42-million in EBIT and
$31-million in net earnings. The sensitivity assumes no change to the price spread between
U.S. and Alberta gas or nitrogen prices and is before the impact of our natural gas economic
hedge activity.


 


    (c)
     
    The sensitivity to nitrogen margins is exclusive of the natural gas sensitivity described in
footnote (b) above.


 


    (d)
     
    Potash sensitivity does not include potash profit and capital tax.


 


    (e)
     
    Change in factor is gross profit as a percentage of net sales.


 


    (f)
     
    To convert impact to a fully diluted EPS basis, divide the net earnings impact by the
weighted-average number of outstanding shares (157 million shares as of December 31, 2009).





The above sensitivities also affect cash flow except for translation gains/losses.



Margins



Wholesale


Certain key variables identified relate to changes to product margins, which could result
from a change in sales prices or input costs. In the case of nitrogen and gas prices, there can be
times where a significant change in North American gas prices can influence nitrogen prices,
depending on the global nitrogen supply/demand balance situation. Wholesale’s purchase-for-resale
margins are impacted by the volatility in the price for a crop nutrient between the time we
purchase the product and the time we sell the product to the end customer.



Retail


Retail product margins are normally more stable than Wholesale margins, as Retail tends to be
more of a cost plus margin business than is Wholesale. However there are several factors that can
influence Retail margins. For example, margins are impacted by the volatility in the price for a
crop nutrient between the time we purchase the product and the time we sell the product to the end
customer, and relative timing of our competitors’ nutrient purchases. Fluctuations in commodity
prices affect the types of crops planted resulting in different crop input needs but more
significantly affect the timing of growers’ decisions on the application levels of our products.
Lower crop commodity prices may result in growers delaying purchase and application of crop inputs
that would otherwise optimize crop yields. Weather conditions can create significant fluctuations
in the timing of Retail’s revenues and related margins based on the ability to plant or harvest
and the associated application of inputs. Finally, crop protection and seed margins are influenced
by changes in chemical pricing and rebates collected from our suppliers, as well as shortages or
oversupply of different products.



54       Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 






Advanced Technologies


The key variable that would impact AAT net earnings is a significant change in the price of
UAN or urea, since the ESN product is marketed to growers of major row crops and must compete
against other forms of nitrogen products, primarily UAN and urea, for this market segment.



Foreign Exchange


The international currency of the agribusiness is the U.S. dollar and accordingly, we use the
U.S. dollar as our reporting currency. We conduct business primarily in U.S. and Canadian dollars,
and we also have some exposure to Argentine pesos and Euros. Fluctuations in these currencies
could also impact our financial results.






Consolidated performance



Consolidated Results of Operations






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Net sales
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    5,270
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    7,123
     
     
     
    6,592
     
     
     
    3,672
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    216
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    1,943
     
     
     
    3,223
     
     
     
    1,598
     


    Expenses
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Selling
     
     
    918
     
     
     
    815
     
     
     
    471
     


    General and administrative
     
     
    202
     
     
     
    192
     
     
     
    125
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    124
     
     
     
    110
     
     
     
    173
     


    Potash profit and capital tax
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    162
     
     
     
    28
     


    Earnings from equity investees
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    —
     



    Asset impairment
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other expenses
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    (125
    )
     
     
    89
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Earnings before interest,
income taxes and non-controlling interests
     
     
    580
     
     
     
    1,986
     
     
     
    712
     


    Interest on long-term debt
     
     
    91
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    52
     


    Other interest
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    18
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Earnings before
income taxes and non-controlling interests
     
     
    470
     
     
     
    1,881
     
     
     
    642
     


    Income taxes
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    589
     
     
     
    204
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    (3
    )


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net earnings
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    441
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


    Earnings per share
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Basic
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    8.39
     
     
     
    3.28
     


    Diluted
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    8.34
     
     
     
    3.25
     


     







Our net earnings were $366-million in 2009, or $2.33 diluted earnings per share, a decrease
of $956-million over 2008 and $75-million over 2007. The decrease was primarily due to lower gross
profit from all three of our operating business units, partially offset by a decrease in potash
profit and capital tax. Significant items affecting the comparability of annual results include
the following:


55      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 






Gross profit


Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2009 was $1.9-billion compared to $3.2-billion
for the year ended December 31, 2008. This change in gross profit was primarily due to:







     
    
     
    Lower selling prices for most products;



     

     
    
     
    Significantly lower potash sales volumes; and,



     

     
    
     
    Increase in Retail’s cost of fertilizer resulting from higher priced inventories purchased
at the end of 2008 being sold into a declining price environment in the first half of 2009.




The decrease in 2009 gross profit was partially offset by inclusion of the UAP business for the
full 12 months in 2009 versus approximately eight months in 2008.


2008 gross profit increased $1.6-billion over 2007 primarily as a result of:







     
    
     
    Significantly higher global nutrient prices and margins for nitrogen, potash and phosphate
in the first three quarters of 2008 reflecting a tight supply and demand balance for
nutrients; and,



     

     
    
     
    Higher Retail gross profit due to the UAP acquisition and strong margins across all Retail
products, supported by strong grain prices in the first three quarters of 2008.




The increase in 2008 gross profit was partially offset by $216-million in inventory and purchase
commitment write-downs in the fourth quarter of 2008 and a reduction in nitrogen sales volumes
primarily due to the Kenai plant closure in the fourth quarter of 2007.



Selling expenses


Selling expenses were $918-million in 2009, compared to $815-million and $471-million in 2008
and 2007, respectively. The majority of our selling expenses are in our Retail business unit. The
increase in selling expense in 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily due to inclusion of the UAP
business for the full year of 2009, partially offset by a reduction in fuel costs and performance
incentives. The increase in 2008 compared to 2007 was primarily due to the addition of the UAP
business beginning in the second quarter of 2008.



General and administrative expenses


General and administrative expenses increased year over year due to growth in the business,
including the effect from acquisitions. General and administrative expenses for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 were $202-million, $192-million, and $125-million, respectively.



Depreciation and amortization


Depreciation and amortization expense was $124-million in 2009, versus $110-million in 2008
and $173-million in 2007. In the first quarter of 2008, Agrium adopted a Canadian accounting
standard requiring the reclassification of depreciation related to assets employed directly in
production of inventory. Periods prior to 2008 were not restated. The amount of depreciation
recorded in the cost of product sold was $118-million in 2009 and $108-million in 2008.
Depreciation and amortization expense in 2009 increased slightly compared to 2008, as the addition
of UAP for the full year of 2009 increased depreciation and amortization expense by $15-million.
While the addition of UAP in the second quarter of 2008 increased our depreciation and
amortization expense by $42-million in 2008 compared to 2007, our total depreciation and
amortization expense decreased by $63-million primarily as a result of this accounting standard
change.


Asset impairment


No impairment charges were recorded on property, plant and equipment in 2009 or 2007. Net
earnings in 2008 were impacted by an $87-million impairment charge ($45-million net of
non-controlling interest) from adjusting the carrying value of Agrium’s Egypt operations to fair
value (see “Non-controlling interests” on page 58).



56      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report




 




 






Potash profit and capital tax


Potash profit and capital tax decreased by $158-million to $4-million in 2009 compared to
$162-million in 2008 and $28-million in 2007. The decrease in 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily
due to lower potash sales volumes, favorable tax impact from higher capital spending on our potash
growth projects, and potash profit tax refund. The increase in 2008 compared to 2007 was mainly
due to the increase in potash margins and sales revenues in 2008, as well as the impact of the
change in foreign exchange rates.



Other expenses (income)






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Interest income
     
     
    (56
    )
     
     
    (57
    )
     
     
    (30
    )


    Stock-based compensation
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    113
     


    Environmental remediation and accretion of asset
retirement obligations
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    5
     


    Realized and unrealized losses on derivative financial
instruments
     
     
    84
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    20
     


    Foreign exchange loss (gain)
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    (119
    )
     
     
    (41
    )


    Bad debt expense
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    7
     


    Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, and
investments
     
     
    (6
    )
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    (4
    )


    Other
     
     
    (12
    )
     
     
    46
     
     
     
    19
     


     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    (125
    )
     
     
    89
     


     
     
         
     
     
     





Higher stock-based compensation expense in 2009 compared to 2008 resulted from an increase in
our share price during 2009, while the reduction in stock-based compensation expense in 2008
compared to 2007 was due to the drop in our share price. Our closing share price on the New York
Stock Exchange (NYSE) as at December 31, 2009, was $61.50 compared to $34.13 as at December 31,
2008 and $72.21 as at December 31, 2007.


Net realized and unrealized losses on derivative financial instruments were $84-million, nil, and
$20-million for 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively. Other expenses for 2009 included $113-million
of realized loss partially offset by $20-million unrealized gain on gas, power and nutrient
derivative financial instruments primarily due to lower natural gas prices. Other income for 2008
included $69-million of net hedging gains before non-controlling interests associated with our
investment in Egypt (see page 69 for further details), which were almost entirely offset by
$68-million of net realized and unrealized losses on gas, power and nutrient derivative financial
instruments.


Foreign exchange losses were $17-million in 2009 where the bulk related to the strengthening of
the Canadian dollar and settlement of certain inter-segment positions. Foreign exchange gains were
$119-million in 2008 related to the weakening of the Canadian dollar during the year and U.S.
dollar denominated accounts receivables in Canadian companies. The year-end Canadian to U.S.
dollar exchange rate for 2009 was 1.0466 compared to 1.2246 for 2008 and 0.9881 for 2007.



Interest on long-term debt


Interest on long-term debt was $91-million in 2009, compared to $82-million in 2008 and
$52-million in 2007.


Interest expense increased in 2009 compared to 2008 due to the inclusion of a full year’s interest
on the $500-million long-term debt issued in connection with the UAP acquisition in September
2008, partially offset by lower interest rates on our floating rate bank loan. Interest on
long-term debt increased in 2008 compared to 2007 due to a $1.3-billion net increase in bank
indebtedness and long-term debt year-over-year which was primarily used to fund the acquisition of
UAP completed during 2008.


57      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 




 






Income taxes


Our overall effective tax rate was 22 percent in 2009, versus 31 percent in 2008 and 32
percent in 2007. The 2009 tax rate reflected a higher proportion of income earned in lower taxed
jurisdictions, partially offset by Canadian tax on the foreign exchange gains related to our U.S.
dollar-denominated debt. The 2007 tax rate reflected increased taxes resulting from foreign
exchange gains.


Changes in statutory income tax rates, the mix of earnings, tax allowances, and realization of
unrecognized tax assets amongst the jurisdictions in which we operate can impact our overall
effective tax rate. Further details of the year-over-year variances in these rates for the three
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 are provided in note 5 to our 2009 consolidated
financial statements.



Non-controlling interests


Non-controlling interests were $1-million, $30-million, and $3-million for 2009, 2008, and
2007, respectively. The increase in 2008 compared to 2009 and 2007 was primarily due to the
$42-million non-controlling interests from the $87-million write-down to our $295-million EAgrium
investment in the fourth quarter of 2008 to reflect the difference in the estimated fair value of
our MOPCO equity interest and the cost of our investment in EAgrium. EAgrium was deconsolidated in
2009.



Quarterly Results of Operations


The agricultural products business is seasonal in nature. Consequently, quarter-to-quarter
results are not directly comparable. Sales are concentrated in the spring and fall planting
seasons, while produced inventories are accumulated throughout the year. Cash collections
generally occur after the planting seasons in North and South America. Our acquisition of UAP on
May 5, 2008 impacts the comparability of quarterly results.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    U.S. dollars
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    except per
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Cash
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Long-term
     


    share
     
     
     
     
     
    Net
     
     
    Earnings
     
     
    Per Share
     
     
    Total
     
     
    and Cash
     
     
    Dividends
     
     
    Financial
     


    amounts)
     
    Net Sales
     
     
    Earnings
     
     
    Basic
     
     
    Diluted
     
     
    Assets
     
     
    Equivalents
     
     
    Declared
     
     
    Liabilities
     





     


    2009
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Q1
     
     
    1,753
     
     
     
    (60
    )
     
     
    (0.38
    )
     
     
    (0.38
    )
     
     
    10,301
     
     
     
    86
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1,961
     


    Q2
     
     
    4,090
     
     
     
    370
     
     
     
    2.36
     
     
     
    2.35
     
     
     
    9,688
     
     
     
    251
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    1,976
     


    Q3
     
     
    1,844
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    0.16
     
     
     
    0.16
     
     
     
    9,023
     
     
     
    225
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    2,020
     


    Q4
     
     
    1,442
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    0.19
     
     
     
    0.19
     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    2,080
     


     


    Year
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    2,080
     


     


    2008
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Q1
     
     
    1,107
     
     
     
    195
     
     
     
    1.24
     
     
     
    1.23
     
     
     
    6,689
     
     
     
    1,762
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1,213
     


    Q2
     
     
    3,870
     
     
     
    636
     
     
     
    4.03
     
     
     
    4.00
     
     
     
    9,939
     
     
     
    178
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    1,964
     


    Q3
     
     
    3,113
     
     
     
    367
     
     
     
    2.32
     
     
     
    2.31
     
     
     
    10,355
     
     
     
    208
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1,995
     


    Q4
     
     
    1,941
     
     
     
    124
     
     
     
    0.79
     
     
     
    0.79
     
     
     
    9,837
     
     
     
    374
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    1,950
     


     


    Year
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    8.39
     
     
     
    8.34
     
     
     
    9,837
     
     
     
    374
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    1,950
     


     


    2007
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Q1
     
     
    821
     
     
     
    (11
    )
     
     
    (0.08
    )
     
     
    (0.08
    )
     
     
    3,560
     
     
     
    45
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    938
     


    Q2
     
     
    2,034
     
     
     
    229
     
     
     
    1.71
     
     
     
    1.70
     
     
     
    3,615
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    952
     


    Q3
     
     
    989
     
     
     
    51
     
     
     
    0.38
     
     
     
    0.38
     
     
     
    4,022
     
     
     
    41
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    980
     


    Q4
     
     
    1,426
     
     
     
    172
     
     
     
    1.25
     
     
     
    1.24
     
     
     
    5,832
     
     
     
    1,509
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    1,141
     


     


    Year
     
     
    5,270
     
     
     
    441
     
     
     
    3.28
     
     
     
    3.25
     
     
     
    5,832
     
     
     
    1,509
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    1,141
     


     





58      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 






 


Significant items affecting the comparability of quarterly results include the following:




2009






    
    
    


       
     
    We had losses on derivative financial instruments of $69-million and $35-million in the first
and fourth quarter, respectively, and gains of $15-million and $5-million in the second and third
quarter, respectively;







    
    
    


       
     
    Due to the increase in our share price in the first half of 2008 and significant decline in
the second half of 2008, in 2009 stock-based compensation expense decreased quarter over quarter by
$111-million in the second quarter, increased $124-million in the third quarter, and increased
$69-million in the fourth quarter;







    
    
    


       
     
    We had quarter-over-quarter increases of $99-million and $61-million in Retail’s selling
expense in the first and second quarter, respectively, primarily as a result of the inclusion of
the UAP business for the full year; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    We had write-downs of $18-million, $32-million, $9-million, and $2-million to Wholesale
inventory in the first, second, third, and fourth quarter, respectively.





2008






    
    
    


       
     
    The UAP acquisition contributed $257-million, $191-million, and $57-million to our gross
profit in the second, third, and fourth quarters, respectively;







    
    
    


       
     
    We had quarter-over-quarter increases of $93-million, $132-million, and $115-million in
Retail’s selling expense in the second, third, and fourth quarter, respectively, primarily as a
result of the addition of the UAP business in the second quarter of 2008;







    
    
    


       
     
    We had write-downs of $216-million to Wholesale inventory and Retail inventory and purchase
commitments in the fourth quarter;







    
    
    


       
     
    We recorded a $45-million impairment charge net of non-controlling interests to our
$295-million EAgrium investment in the fourth quarter of 2008 as a result of adjusting the carrying
value of Agrium’s Egypt operations to fair value;







    
    
    


       
     
    Given the significant changes in our share price throughout 2008, stock-based compensation
expense increased quarter over quarter by $103-million in the second quarter, and decreased quarter
over quarter by $34-million, $122-million and $86-million in the first, third, and fourth quarter,
respectively;







    
    
    


       
     
    We had gains on derivative financial instruments of $67-million and $191-million in the first
and second quarter, respectively, and losses of $171-million and $87-million in the third and
fourth quarter, respectively;







    
    
    


       
     
    We had quarter-over-quarter increases in potash profit and capital tax of $44-million,
$51-million and $28-million in the second, third and fourth quarter, respectively, driven by
increased potash profit margins; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    As a result of the weakening of the Canadian dollar during the fourth quarter, we experienced
significant foreign exchange gains of $98-million.





2007






    
    
    


       
     
    Given the significant increase in our share price in 2007, stock-based compensation expense
increased quarter over quarter by $22-million, $9-million, $13-million and $39-million in the
first, second, third and fourth quarter, respectively;







    
    
    


       
     
    In the third quarter we had a loss on derivative financial instruments of $20-million; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    As a result of the strengthening Canadian dollar, we experienced significant foreign exchange
gains in the second and third quarters of 2007 of $17-million and $21-million, respectively.



59      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 




Non-GAAP Disclosure


In addition to the primary measures of earnings and earnings per share determined in accordance
with GAAP, in this MD&A we make reference to net earnings before interest expense and income taxes
and net earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and asset
impairment. The components of these measures are calculated in accordance with GAAP; however, EBIT
and EBITDA are not a recognized measure under GAAP and do not have a standardized meaning, and our
method of calculation may not be comparable with that of other companies. Accordingly, EBIT and
EBITDA should not be used as an alternative to net earnings as determined in accordance with GAAP
or as an alternative to cash provided by (used in) operations.


Business units and income tax jurisdictions are not synonymous and we believe that the allocation
of income taxes distorts the historical comparability of the performance of our business units.
Similarly, financing and related interest charges cannot be attributed to business units on a
meaningful basis that is comparable to other companies.


The following is a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBIT to net earnings and diluted earnings per share
as calculated in accordance with GAAP:






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Advanced
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    except per share amounts)
     
    Retail
     
     
    Wholesale
     
     
    Technologies
     
     
    Other
     
     
    Consolidated
     





     


    2009
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    266
     
     
     
    607
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    (72
    )
     
     
    823
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    103
     
     
     
    112
     
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    242
     


     


    EBIT
     
     
    163
     
     
     
    495
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    (80
    )
     
     
    581
     


    Interest expense
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (110
    )


    Income taxes
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (105
    )


     


    Net earnings
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    366
     


     


    Diluted earnings per share
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    2.33
     


     


    2008
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    560
     
     
     
    1,670
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    41
     
     
     
    2,321
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    80
     
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    218
     


    Asset impairment
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     


     


    EBIT
     
     
    480
     
     
     
    1,478
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    2,016
     


    Interest expense
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (105
    )


    Income taxes
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (589
    )


     


    Net earnings
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1,322
     


     


    Diluted earnings per share
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    8.34
     


     


    2007
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    210
     
     
     
    786
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    (137
    )
     
     
    888
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    119
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    173
     


     


    EBIT
     
     
    177
     
     
     
    667
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    (142
    )
     
     
    715
     


    Interest expense
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (70
    )


    Income taxes
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (204
    )


     


    Net earnings
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    441
     


     


    Diluted earnings per share
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    3.25
     


     





60      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 










Financial condition






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    2009 vs.
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Assets
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,837
     
     
     
    (52
    )


    Liabilities
     
     
    5,193
     
     
     
    5,727
     
     
     
    (534
    )


    Shareholders’ equity
     
     
    4,592
     
     
     
    4,110
     
     
     
    482
     


     







Assets


For discussion of the change in cash balance year over year, see “Cash position” on page 64 of this
MD&A.


Accounts receivable increased by $82-million to $1.3-billion as at December 31, 2009 compared to
$1.2-billion as at December 31, 2008. This increase was primarily due to the repayment of our
accounts receivable securitization facility in 2009, partially offset by decreased receivables from
lower Retail sales in the fourth quarter of 2009 and federal income tax refund received in the
first quarter of 2009.


Inventories decreased by $910-million, from $3.0-billion at December 31, 2008 to $2.1-billion at
December 31, 2009. The decrease was primarily due to lower Wholesale and Retail inventory volumes
and decreases in input costs and fertilizer prices.


Prepaid expenses and deposits increased from $475-million as at December 31, 2008 to $612-million
as at December 31, 2009. This change was primarily due to an increase in pre-bought crop protection
inventory and costs related to the proposed CF acquisition (see discussion under the section
“Proposed Acquisition of CF Industries Holdings, Inc.”), partially offset by lower seed prepaid.


Marketable securities were $114-million as at December 31, 2009, where $113-million was from the purchase of CF shares in the first quarter of 2009, compared to nil as at December 31, 2008. See
discussion under the section “Proposed Acquisition of CF Industries Holdings, Inc.”


Our property, plant and equipment decreased by $254-million year over year from $2.0-billion as at
December 31, 2008. The decrease was primarily due to the deconsolidation of EAgrium in 2009.


Investment in equity investees increased by $299-million from $71-million as at December 31, 2008
to $370-million as at December 31, 2009 due to equity investment from the acquisition of a 26
percent equity interest in MOPCO and $20-million of equity earnings from MOPCO in 2009.


Goodwill and intangibles were $2.4-billion as at December 31, 2009, unchanged from $2.4-billion as
at December 31, 2008.


Other assets was $95-million as at December 31, 2009, a $61-million decrease from the year before.




Liabilities


Bank indebtedness decreased to $106-million as at December 31, 2009 versus $610-million as at
December 31, 2008. The 2009 decrease in bank indebtedness was primarily due to the repayment in the
first quarter of 2009 of certain variable rate loans taken in the fourth quarter of 2008 to meet
UAP working capital requirements, removal of EAgrium bank indebtedness as a result of the
deconsolidation of EAgrium, and overall reduction in working capital needs.


Accounts payable and accrued liabilities have increased by $275-million to $2.5-billion as at
December 31, 2009 versus $2.2-billion in 2008. The increase was driven by higher 2008 partnership
income included in the 2009 tax return, higher Retail prepaid sales, and higher trade payables due
to extended Retail vendor terms at year end 2009. These increases were partially offset by a
reduction in Wholesale customer prepayments due to the slowdown in the fertilizer market and
unstable prices, reduction in Retail performance incentives, and decreased accrued liabilities due
to lower input costs.


Long-term debt increased slightly by $77-million from December 31, 2008 to December 31, 2009. The
increase primarily relates to the line of credit of Profertil available for inventory and asset
purchases, and Agrium’s share of long-term debt raised in 2009 for Profertil.


61      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 


Other liabilities increased slightly to $381-million as at December 31, 2009 versus $328-million as
at December 31, 2008. The majority of this change was due to increase in accretion of asset
retirement obligations and stock-based compensation accruals.


Net future income tax liabilities were $444-million as at December 31, 2009 ($521-million reflected
in future income tax liabilities less $77-million reflected in accounts receivable), a decrease of
$262-million from the year before ($725-million reflected in future income tax liabilities less
$19-million reflected in accounts receivable). The decrease resulted from a reduction of income
deferred for tax purposes in 2009 compared to 2008.


Non-controlling interests decreased by $231-million from the year before to $11-million as at
December 31, 2009 due to the deconsolidation of EAgrium in 2009 (See “Non-controlling interests” on
page 64).




Working capital


Our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) at December 31, 2009 was
$2.5-billion, slightly higher than $2.3-billion at December 31, 2008. See discussion of current
assets under the section “Assets” and current liabilities under the section “Liabilities” on page
61 for discussion on the drivers behind this change in average working capital.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Current assets
     
     
    5,120
     
     
     
    5,138
     


    Current liabilities
     
     
    2,581
     
     
     
    2,810
     


     
     
     


    Working capital
     
     
    2,539
     
     
     
    2,328
     


     







Shareholders’ equity


Shareholders’ equity was $4.6-billion at December 31, 2009, an increase of $482-million compared to
December 31, 2008. Accumulated other comprehensive income increased by $125-million, driven by a
foreign currency translation gain of $100-million, primarily from the impact of the strengthening
of the Canadian dollar during 2009, and a fair value change of $29-million on CF shares purchased.
A net increase in retained earnings of $349-million as at December 31, 2009 compared to December
31, 2008 was the result of net earnings of $366-million for 2009, slightly offset by $17-million of
dividends declared.






Liquidity and capital resources

Our liquidity and capital resource needs can be met through a variety of sources including cash on
hand, cash provided by operations, short-term borrowings from our committed credit facilities and
accounts receivable securitization program, and long-term debt and equity capacity from the capital
markets.




Sources and Uses of Cash






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Cash provided by operating activities
     
     
    1,404
     
     
     
    1,044
     
     
     
    494
     


    Cash used in investing activities
     
     
    (513
    )
     
     
    (3,375
    )
     
     
    (561
    )


    Cash (used in) provided by financing activities
     
     
    (315
    )
     
     
    1,196
     
     
     
    1,467
     


     
     
     


    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
     
     
    576
     
     
     
    (1,135
    )
     
     
    1,400
     


     







Cash provided by operating activities


Cash provided by operating activities is made up of net earnings adjusted for items not affecting
cash and changes in non-cash working capital.


Net earnings adjusted for items not affecting cash was a source of cash of $454-million in 2009,
$2.1-billion in 2008, and


62      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 


$846-million in 2007. Significant changes in net earnings year over year were the primary
contributor to these variances. Non-cash items include inventory and purchase commitment
write-downs, asset impairment, stock-based compensation, and future income taxes.



Non-cash working capital


Our non-cash working capital levels are affected by numerous factors including: demand for our
products and services, including pre-sales of product and inventory build for spring and fall
demand; selling prices of our products and services; raw material input and other costs; use of our
accounts receivable securitization facility; and, foreign exchange rates.


The change in non-cash working capital for the year ended December 31, 2009 was a source of cash of
$950-million versus a use of cash of $1.1-billion for the year ended December 31, 2008 and
$352-million for the year ended December 31, 2007. The increase in cash flow from non-cash working
capital for 2009 was primarily driven by a reduction in inventories. For further discussion of
working capital balance sheet account changes from December 31, 2008 to December 31, 2009, see the
“Financial Condition” section at page 61 of this MD&A.




Cash used in investing activities


Investing activities used $513-million of cash in 2009, a decrease of $2.9-billion compared to
2008. Investing activities used $3.4-billion of cash in 2008, an increase from a use of cash of
$561-million in 2007.



Business acquisitions


In 2009, we acquired 1.2 million shares of CF for a total of $65-million.


In 2008, we completed the acquisition of 100 percent of the outstanding shares of UAP, which
accounted for a use of cash of $2.7-billion. We also completed the acquisition of a 70 percent
interest in CMF for total consideration of $42-million.



Capital expenditures






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Sustaining capital
     
     
    162
     
     
     
    145
     
     
     
    104
     


    Investment capital
     
     
    151
     
     
     
    361
     
     
     
    350
     


     
     
     


    Total
     
     
    313
     
     
     
    506
     
     
     
    454
     


     





Sustaining capital includes the cost of replacements and betterments of our facilities. Our 2009
sustaining capital expenditures increased slightly compared to 2008. Our 2008 sustaining capital
expenditures increased compared to 2007 as they were impacted by our May 2008 acquisition of UAP,
while our 2007 sustaining capital expenditures were impacted by escalating materials and contract
labor costs as well as the strengthening of the Canadian dollar.


Investment capital typically includes a significant expansion of existing operations or new
acquisitions. Our investment capital expenditures decreased in 2009 in comparison to the investment
in our Egypt nitrogen facility in 2008 and 2007. EAgrium was deconsolidated in 2009.



Cash provided by financing activities


Cash used in financing activities was $315-million in 2009 versus cash provided by financing
activities of $1.2-billion in 2008. Financing activities provided $1.2-billion of cash in 2008, a
decrease of $271-million compared to $1.5-billion of cash provided in 2007.



Common shares


In the third quarter of 2008, Agrium announced that it received approval from the Toronto Stock
Exchange to repurchase up to 5 percent of its outstanding common shares (approximately 7.9 million
common shares) through a normal course issuer bid commencing October 6, 2008. As at December 31,
2008, Agrium had repurchased 1.2 million shares at an average price per share of $29.03. There were
no shares repurchased during 2009 under our normal course issuer bid, which expired on October 5,
2009.


We issued $7-million in common shares for cash related to the exercise of stock options in 2009.
Cash received on exercise of stock options was $4-million in 2008 and $15-million in 2007.


63      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 






Bank indebtedness


As at December 31, 2009, our bank indebtedness was $106-million compared to $610-million as at
December 31, 2008. The decrease was primarily due to the repayment of certain variable rate loans
taken in 2008 to meet UAP working capital requirements and overall reduction in working capital
needs in 2009 and the deconsolidation of EAgrium.


Our bank indebtedness at December 31, 2008 increased by $444-million from $166-million as at
December 31, 2007. In comparison to 2007, our bank indebtedness in 2008 increased due to the
utilization of our syndicated revolving credit facility for the acquisition of UAP, the increase of
bank indebtedness of $120-million from the acquisition of CMF, and draws on short-term bridge
facility related to contractor payments for EAgrium.



Long-term debt


During 2008 we arranged access to a $1-billion of credit facility in relation to the UAP
acquisition. See discussion under “Debt instruments” on page 65 of this MD&A for further details on
financing facilities. Also, in 2008, we entered into a $460-million, five-year floating rate bank
loan due May 2013 and issued $500-million of ten-year debentures due January 2019, which remains
outstanding as at December 31, 2009.



Dividends


We declared dividends on our common shares of 11 cents per common share, equating to $17-million in
2009, $17-million in 2008, and $16-million in 2007. Common share dividends paid were $17-million in
2009, $18-million in 2008, and $15-million in 2007.



Non-controlling interests


We previously carried out our activities in Egypt through our 60 percent interest in a subsidiary
known as EAgrium, which had begun construction of a nitrogen facility in Egypt. During the second
quarter of 2008, the Egyptian government halted construction of the facility. In the third quarter
of 2008, we entered into an agreement with MOPCO, whereby MOPCO would acquire EAgrium and all
related contractual obligations through a share exchange. We completed the share exchange on
January 26, 2009, which resulted in us owning 26 percent of MOPCO. Equity advances from our project
venture partners of $171-million were received in 2008 and were a source of cash in our
consolidated statement of cash flows.




Cash Position


Our end-of-year cash balance was $933-million, $374-million and $1.5-billion in 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively. The increase in cash in 2009 versus 2008 was primarily driven by significantly
lower cash used in investing activities and increase in cash provided by operating activities,
partially offset by cash used in financing activities (see discussion under “Liquidity and Capital
Resources” on pg 62-63). The large cash balance at December 31, 2007 was due to net proceeds of
$1.3-billion received from the issuance of equity securities in anticipation of the UAP acquisition
which closed in May 2008. Depending on the nature, timing and extent of any potential acquisitions
or greenfield development opportunities, we may consider expanding existing sources of financing or
accessing other sources of financing including issuing securities under our $1-billion Base Shelf
Prospectus (see page 66 for a description of the Base Shelf Prospectus).




Proposed Acquisition of CF Industries Holdings, Inc.


On March 16, 2009 Agrium commenced an unsolicited exchange offer for all of the outstanding shares
of CF. Agrium has amended the offer several times and is currently offering aggregate consideration
of approximately $2.3-billion cash and 50.3 million Agrium common shares to acquire CF. The board
of directors of CF has rejected Agrium’s amended offer and refused to engage in negotiations with
Agrium with respect to the acquisition.


During February 2009, Agrium acquired 1.2 million shares of CF at an average cost of $52.34 for
total consideration of $65-million. The CF shares are recorded as marketable securities and
classified as available for sale financial instruments with changes to fair value, comprised of an
unrealized gain of $48-million to December 31, 2009, recorded in other comprehensive income. At
December 31, 2009, the fair value of the CF shares was $113-million.


In October 2009, conditional on closing of the acquisition of CF, Agrium entered into an agreement
to sell a 50 percent interest in its Carseland nitrogen facility as well as certain U.S. assets to
Terra Industries Inc. (“Terra”) for approximately $250-million cash. In connection with the
agreement with Terra, Agrium entered into a consent agreement with and received a “no-action”
letter from Canadian Competition Bureau and received early termination of the waiting period under
applicable U.S. antitrust legislation.


64      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 





In January 2010, Agrium notified CF that Agrium will nominate two independent and highly qualified
directors for election to CF’s board of directors at CF’s 2010 annual meeting of shareholders.


Agrium continues to be fully committed to acquiring CF and intends to continue to press the board
of directors of CF to engage in negotiations with Agrium to execute a mutually beneficial merger
agreement for our respective shareholders.




Debt Instruments, Capital Management and Ratings




Debt instruments






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
    Total
     
     
    Unutilized
     
     
    Utilized
     
     
    Utilized
     





     
     
     


    Bank indebtedness
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    North American revolving credit facilities
expiring 2010
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    North American revolving credit facilities
expiring 2012 (a)(b)
     
     
    775
     
     
     
    775
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    300
     


    European credit facilities
expiring 2010 to 2012 (c)
     
     
    450
     
     
     
    376
     
     
     
    74
     
     
     
    120
     


    South American credit facilities
expiring 2010 to 2012 (d)
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    89
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    70
     


    Egypt bridge loan (e)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    120
     


     
     
     


    Total bank indebtedness
     
     
    1,406
     
     
     
    1,300
     
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    610
     


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Long-term debt
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Unsecured
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Floating rate bank loans due May 5, 2013 (f)
     
     
    460
     
     
     
    460
     


    Floating rate bank loans due November 16, 2012
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    —
     


    6.75% debentures due January 15, 2019 (f)(g)
     
     
    500
     
     
     
    500
     


    7.125% debentures due May 23, 2036 (g)
     
     
    300
     
     
     
    300
     


    7.7% debentures due February 1, 2017 (g)
     
     
    100
     
     
     
    100
     


    7.8% debentures due February 1, 2027 (g)
     
     
    125
     
     
     
    125
     


    8.25% debentures due February 15, 2011 (g)
     
     
    125
     
     
     
    125
     


    Secured
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Other
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    24
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    1,709
     
     
     
    1,634
     


    Unamortized transaction costs
     
     
    (10
    )
     
     
    (12
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    1,699
     
     
     
    1,622
     


     








 




    
    
    



    (a)
     
    On May 5, 2008, we increased our syndicated revolving credit facility to $775-million.


 


    (b)
     
    We had issued letters of credit under our revolving credit facilities. Outstanding letters of
credit issued as at December 31, 2009 were $74-million, reducing credit available under the
facilities to $701-million.


 


    (c)
     
    We have access to additional credit facilities as a result of the acquisition of 70 percent of
CMF on July 8, 2008. Of the total, $137-million is secured at December 31, 2009. Inventory,
accounts receivable and other items with a total carrying value of $87-million are pledged as
security for the utilized balance. The utilized balance includes Euro-denominated debt of
$31-million. In December 2009, we entered into a multi-currency revolving facility for
Euro-denominated debt of $172-million to replace existing credit facilities. The facility expires
in December 2011.


 


    (d)
     
    For the facilities utilized, nil is denominated in Argentine peso at December 31, 2009. Of the
total, $105-million is uncommitted and $28-million of the uncommitted portion has been utilized.


 


    (e)
     
    Effective January 26, 2009, MOPCO assumed this debt.


 


    (f)
     
    Pursuant to the UAP acquisition, we borrowed $1.0-billion in 2008. We repaid $497-million on
September 11, 2008. Cash of $58-million was paid in October 2008. The remaining balance of
$460-million is repayable on May 5, 2013. On September 8, 2008, we issued $500-million of 6.75%
debentures due January 15, 2019.


 


    (g)
     
    Debentures contain various provisions that allow us to redeem debt prior to maturity, at our
option, at specified prices.





65      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 







Capital Management


The Company’s primary objectives when managing capital are to provide for (a) an appropriate rate
of return to shareholders in relation to the risks underlying the Company’s assets, and (b) a
prudent capital structure for raising capital at a reasonable cost for the funding of ongoing
operations, capital expenditures, and new growth initiatives.


The Company manages capital in reference to a number of credit ratios, including monitoring the
ratios outlined in the table below. Net debt includes bank indebtedness and long-term debt, net of
cash and cash equivalents. Equity consists of shareholders’ equity as disclosed on our balance
sheet. Interest coverage is the last 12 months net earnings before interest expense, income taxes,
depreciation, amortization and asset impairment divided by interest, which includes interest on
long-term debt plus other interest. The measures of debt, equity and net earnings described above
are non-GAAP financial measures (see discussion under “Non-GAAP Disclosure” on page 60 of this MD&A
for further details).






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Net debt to net debt plus equity (%)
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    (22
    )


    EBITDA interest coverage (multiple)
     
     
    7.5
     
     
     
    22.1
     
     
     
    12.7
     


     





Our revolving credit facilities require us to maintain specific interest coverage and
debt-to-capital ratios as well as other non-financial covenants as defined in the debt agreement.
We were in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2009.


In November 2009 we filed a Base Shelf Prospectus with the Canadian securities regulatory
authorities in each of the provinces of Canada and a Shelf Registration Statement on Form F-10 with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, which will provide us the ability to offer from time to
time over a 25-month period until December 2011 in Canada and the U.S., up to $1-billion of debt,
equity and other securities. We issued $1.4-billion in common shares in 2007 and $500-million in
debt offering in 2008 under a previous Shelf Prospectus. As of December 31, 2009, we had not issued
any debt or equity securities under the current Shelf Prospectus.




Debt ratings


As at February 25, 2010 our debt instruments were rated as follows:






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Moody’s

     
    Standard
     
    DBRS



     
     
    Investors Service

     
    & Poor’s

     
    Limited





     


    Senior Unsecured Notes and Debentures
     
    Baa2
     
    BBB
     
    BBB


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Under review


     
     
    Under review –
     
     
     
     
     
    with developing


    Ratings Outlook
     
    negative watch
     
    Stable
     
    implications


     





On February 25, 2009, Moody’s changed its outlook for our senior unsecured debt from stable to
under review for possible downgrade. The review was prompted by Agrium’s announcement of its
unsolicited offer for CF (discussed further under the section “Proposed Acquisition of CF
Industries Holdings, Inc.”). Moody’s review will primarily focus on the credit impact from the
potential acquisition of CF, including any changes to the terms of the transaction, the strategic
fit of the two companies, regulatory approvals, and the level of cash flow that can be generated to
reduce debt, if needed, in a reasonable fashion given the cyclicality and price volatility of
Agrium’s agricultural products.


On February 25, 2009, DBRS Limited placed the rating for our senior unsecured debt under review
with developing implications following Agrium’s announcement of its proposed acquisition of CF. The
rating review is pending the final terms of any potential transaction with CF, including those
regarding related financing and the sale of an interest in Agrium’s Carseland, Alberta, nitrogen
facility, in combination with the outlook for the fertilizer market.


66      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 




 







Future Cash Requirements



Contractual obligations and other commitments

As at December 31, 2009 our aggregate contractual obligations were comprised of the following:






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Payment due by period
     


     
     
    Less than
     
     
    One to
     
     
    Four to
     
     
    After
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    one year
     
     
    three years
     
     
    five years
     
     
    five years
     
     
    Total
     





     


    Long-term debt (a)
     
     
    92
     
     
     
    342
     
     
     
    612
     
     
     
    1,764
     
     
     
    2,810
     


    Operating leases
     
     
    125
     
     
     
    54
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    233
     


    Purchase obligations
     
     
    578
     
     
     
    173
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    92
     
     
     
    936
     


    Asset retirement obligations
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    626
     
     
     
    660
     


    Environmental remediation liabilities
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    37
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    140
     


     


    Total
     
     
    826
     
     
     
    624
     
     
     
    757
     
     
     
    2,572
     
     
     
    4,779
     


     








 




    
    
    



    (a)
     
    Figures include interest payments.






Long-term debt


See discussion of debt instruments on page 65 of this MD&A. Failure to maintain certain financial
ratios and other covenants may trigger early repayment provisions. See discussion of capital
management on page 66 of this MD&A.



Operating leases


Operating lease commitments consist primarily of leases for rail cars and contractual commitments
at distribution facilities in Wholesale, vehicles and application equipment in Retail, and office
equipment and property leases throughout our operations. The commitments represent the minimum
payments under each agreement.



Purchase obligations


Purchase obligations include minimum commitments for North American natural gas purchases which are
floating-rate contracts, calculated using the prevailing regional gas prices for U.S. facilities
and the AECO forward prices for Canadian facilities at December 31, 2009. Profertil has three
fixed-price gas contracts denominated in U.S. dollars, expiring in 2011, 2012 and 2017, which are
also included in purchase obligations. These three contracts account for approximately 80 percent
of Profertil’s gas requirements. Repsol-YPF, our joint venture partner in Profertil, supplies
approximately 27 percent of the gas under these contracts.


We have a power co-generation agreement for the Carseland facility, which expires December 31,
2021. The minimum commitment under this agreement is to purchase 60 megawatts of power per hour
(“MW/hr”) through 2011 and up to 20 MW/hr for the remainder of the term based on the Carseland
facility requirements. The price for the power is based on a fixed charge adjusted for inflation
and a variable charge based on the cost of natural gas.



Asset retirement obligations


Asset retirement obligations are generally related to dismantlement and site restoration or other
legal termination and retirement of an asset. These obligations, which will be settled between 2010
and 2136, represent the undiscounted, inflation-adjusted estimated cash outflows required to settle
the asset retirement obligations in the amount of $660-million as at December 31, 2009. The
discounted, inflation-adjusted estimated cash outflows required to settle the asset retirement
obligations are estimated at $106-million as at December 31, 2009.



Environmental remediation liabilities


Environmental remediation liabilities represent the undiscounted estimated cash outflows required
to settle the environmental remediation liabilities in the amount of $140-million as at December
31, 2009.


67      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report








 




 






Future Capital Expenditures

Our capital expenditures for 2010 is expected to be higher than 2009.1


We are planning a sustaining capital program of approximately $230-million to $250-million in
20101. Our 2010 sustaining capital program includes over $40-million related to the
purchase of previously leased items and increased sustaining capital requirements at our Vanscoy
potash facility. The sustaining program includes the following:






    
    
    


       
     
    Spending at our Wholesale plant sites in order to ensure efficient, reliable and safe
operations of facilities, including building replacement and maintenance at various Wholesale
operations;







    
    
    


       
     
    Spending for North American and South American Retail operations; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    Projects at our Vanscoy potash facility.



Our investment capital program planned for 2010 include the following:






    
    
    


       
     
    Projects to develop and increase capacity at our Vanscoy potash facility;







    
    
    


       
     
    Spending for Retail expansion opportunities; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    Additional investment in Advanced Technologies.



We anticipate we will be able to finance announced projects through a combination of cash provided
from operating activities, existing lines of credit (see discussion under “Debt instruments” on
page 65 of this MD&A for further details) and funds available from new debt or equity securities
offerings.1







Outstanding share data


The number and principal amount of outstanding shares as at February 28, 2010 were as follows:






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Number of Shares

     
    Market Value






     


    Common shares
     
    157 million
     
    $10,184 million


     





As at February 28, 2010, there were approximately 1 million stock options outstanding and issuable
assuming full conversion, where each option granted can be exercised for one common share.






Off balance sheet arrangements

Sale of accounts receivable

Under our North American receivables securitization facility, we may sell up to $200-million of
eligible accounts receivable to an unrelated financial institution. The facility provides us with
the flexibility to immediately realize cash for the sale of receivables up to the amount of the
program. Proceeds from these limited-recourse sales are not required to be included in our balance
sheet as liabilities because Agrium does not maintain effective control over the transferred
assets, the purchaser has a right to pledge or exchange the receivables it purchases, and the sold
receivables have been isolated from Agrium. Fees and expenses paid to the financial institution are
based on the accounts receivable sold and prevailing commercial paper rates. The agreement expires
in December 2012.


We utilized nil of our accounts receivable securitization as at December 31, 2009, compared to
$200-million and nil utilized as at December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively.




Guarantees


We have guaranteed rail car leases of a third party, expiring in 2025. Agrium does not expect to
make payment under the guarantees; however if called to do so, recoveries under recourse provisions
by way of access to the leased assets are available. Maximum potential future undiscounted payments
for guarantees issued were approximately $27-million as at December 31, 2009.



(1) See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A


68      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report



 




 





Financial instruments

Risk Management

In the normal course of business, the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows are exposed to various risks. On an annual basis, the Board approves a strategic plan that
takes into account the opportunities and major risks of the Company’s business and mitigation
factors to reduce these risks. The Board also reviews risk management policies and procedures on an
annual basis and sets upper limits on the transactional exposure to be managed and the time periods
over which exposures may be managed. The Company manages risk in accordance with its Exposure
Management Policy. The objective of the policy is to reduce volatility in cash flow and
earnings.1

Our derivative financial instruments and the nature of the risks which they are, or may be, subject
to are set out in the following table:





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Derivative financial instruments
     
    Risks
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
    Commodity
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Currency
     
     
    price
     
     
    Credit
     
     
    Liquidity
     





     


    Foreign currency forward and option contracts
     
     
    X
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    X
     
     
     
    X
     


    Natural gas forward, swap and option contracts,
nutrient swap contracts and heat
rate swap contracts
     
     
     
     
     
     
    X
     
     
     
    X
     
     
     
    X
     


     





Currency risk

We had the following foreign exchange contracts as at December 31:

Foreign exchange derivative financial instruments outstanding





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
    Notional
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Fair value
     
     
    Notional
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Fair value
     


     
     
    (millions,
     
     
     
     
     
     
    assets
     
     
    (millions,
     
     
     
     
     
     
    assets
     


    Sell/Buy
     
    buy currency)
     
     
    Maturities
     
     
    (liabilities)
     
     
    buy currency)
     
     
    Maturities
     
     
    (liabilities)
     





     
     
     


    USD/CAD forwards
     
     
    CAD 46
     
     
     
    2010
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    USD/EUR forwards
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    EUR 15
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    —
     


    EUR/USD forwards
     
     
    USD 9
     

     
     
    2010
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    USD 33
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    —
     


    GBP/USD forwards
     
     

    USD 2
     

     
     
    2010
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     

    USD 5
     

     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    —
     


    USD/CAD put options purchased
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    CAD 195
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    2
     


    USD/CAD call options sold
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    CAD 206
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (20
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (18
    )


     
     
     





In respect of the foreign exchange contracts, gains of $10-million and losses of $18-million were
recognized in 2009 and 2008, respectively, and reported in other expenses (income).

Forward contracts and interest rate swap contracts related to EAgrium construction and financing no
longer qualified for hedge accounting following the decision by the Egyptian government to halt
construction in the second quarter of 2008. All foreign exchange forward contracts and interest
rate swap contracts in respect of EAgrium were unwound during the third quarter of 2008. As a
result, realized net hedging gains of $69-million were recognized in earnings, of which $28-million
had been reflected in non-controlling interests.

(1) See disclosures under the heading “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 93 of this MD&A

69      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 







Commodity price risk


We manage the risk of changes in natural gas, power and nutrient prices using derivatives. Total
change in fair value of non-qualifying derivative financial instruments during 2009 was a loss of
$93-million (2008 — $68-million) due to falling natural gas prices. This was reported in other
expenses (income), of which $113-million (2008 — $8-million) has been realized.


We had the following natural gas, power and nutrient derivative financial instruments as at
December 31:



Natural gas, power and nutrient derivative financial instruments outstanding






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
    2008


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Fair value
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Fair value
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    assets
     


     
     
    Notional
     
     
    Maturities
     
     
    (liabilities)
     
     
    Notional
     
     
    Maturities
     
     
    (liabilities)
     





     
     
     


    Natural gas (BCF)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    NYMEX contracts
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Swaps
     
     
    67
     
     
     
    2010 to 2013
     
     
     
    (35
    )
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    2009 to 2013
     
     
     
    (61
    )


    Collars
(swap with options)
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    2010 to 2012
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    2009 to 2012
     
     
     
    13
     


    Call spreads
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    2
     


    El Paso swaps
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (2
    )


    AECO contracts
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Swaps
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (1
    )


    Options
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (9
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    90
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    78
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (58
    )


     
     
     


    Power — Swaps(GWh)
     
     
    552
     
     
     
    2010 to 2013
     
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    666
     
     
     
    2009 to 2012
     
     
     
    6
     


    Nutrient — Urea swaps(short tons)
     
     
    24,500
     
     
     
    2010
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    18,000
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (2
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (31
    )
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (54
    )


       






Interest rate risk


Our exposure to floating interest rate risk is generally limited to bank indebtedness and certain
cash and cash equivalents, whereas exposure to fixed interest rate risk is generally limited to our
long-term debt.


Our cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with a term of three months or less
that earn interest at market rates. We manage our interest rate risk on these investments by
maximizing the interest income earned on excess funds while maintaining the liquidity necessary to
conduct operations on a day-to-day basis. Fluctuations in market rates of interest on cash and cash
equivalents do not have a significant impact on our results of operations due to the short term to
maturity of the investments.




Credit risk


Geographic and industry diversity mitigate credit risk. The Wholesale business unit sells mainly to
large agribusinesses and other industrial users. Letters of credit and credit insurance are used to
mitigate risk. The Retail business unit sells to a large customer base dispersed over wide
geographic areas in the U.S., Argentina and Chile. The Advanced Technologies business unit sells to
a diversified customer base including large suppliers in the North American agricultural and
professional turf application markets. There were no significant uncollectible trade receivable
balances at December 31, 2009.


We may be exposed to certain losses in the event that counterparties to short-term investments and
derivative financial instruments are unable to meet their contractual obligations. We manage
counterparty credit risk with policies requiring that counterparties to short-term investments and
derivative financial instruments have an investment grade or higher

70      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





credit rating and policies that limit the investing of excess funds to liquid instruments with a
maximum term of one year and limit the maximum exposure to any one counterparty. We also enter into
master netting agreements that mitigate our exposure to counterparty credit risk. At December 31,
2009, all counterparties to derivative financial instruments have maintained an investment grade or
higher credit rating and there is no indication that any counterparty will be unable to meet their
obligations under derivative financial contracts.




Liquidity risk


The Company monitors and manages its cash requirements to ensure access to sufficient funds to meet
operational and investing requirements. The primary source of liquidity is cash generated from
operations, supplemented by credit facilities and the accounts receivable securitization program.
The Company monitors and has access to capital as described under capital management.


The Company’s bank indebtedness and accounts payable and accrued liabilities generally have
contractual maturities of six months or less.




Fair Value


The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, bank indebtedness and accounts
payable and accrued liabilities approximate carrying value due to their short-term nature. The fair
value of floating-rate loans approximates carrying value.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





       


    Fair value of long-term debt
     
     
    1,805
     
     
     
    1,578
     


    Carrying value of long-term debt
     
     
    1,709
     
     
     
    1,634
     


    Weighted-average effective interest rate on long-term debt (%)
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     


       




Fair value of financial instruments





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     
     
     


    Cash and cash equivalents
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    374
     


    Accounts receivable
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Foreign exchange derivative financial instruments
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     


    Gas, power and nutrient derivative financial instruments
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    5
     


    Marketable securities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Investment in CF (available for sale)
     
     
    113
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other (held for trading)
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gas, power and nutrient derivative financial instruments
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    16
     


    Other (available for sale)
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    27
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    1,081
     
     
     
    422
     


     
     
     


    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Foreign exchange derivative financial instruments
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (18
    )


    Gas, power and nutrient derivative financial instruments
     
     
    (14
    )
     
     
    (64
    )


    Other liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gas, power and nutrient derivative financial instruments
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    (11
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    (39
    )
     
     
    (93
    )


     
     
         





71      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 




 










2009 Fourth quarter

Management’s Discussion and Analysis

2009 Fourth Quarter Operating Results

Net Earnings

Agrium’s fourth quarter consolidated net earnings were $30-million, or $0.19 diluted earnings per
share, compared with net earnings of $124-million, or $0.79 diluted earnings per share, for the
same quarter of 2008. Net earnings before interest expense and income taxes (“EBIT”) were
$31-million for the fourth quarter of 2009 compared with EBIT of $172-million for the fourth
quarter of 2008. A reconciliation of EBIT to net earnings is provided in the section “Non-GAAP
Measures”. Consolidated gross profit in the fourth quarter of 2009 was $383-million, a $139-million
decrease compared with the fourth quarter of 2008. The decreases in quarter-over-quarter gross
profit and EBIT were primarily driven by lower selling prices for our products, partially offset by
an increase in sales volumes and lower cost of production. For discussion on the performance of
each business unit, see section “Business Segment Performance”.


Expenses were $47-million lower in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared with the same period last
year largely due to a combination of the following items:






    
    
    


       
     
    An $87-million write-down in our EAgrium investment in the fourth quarter of 2008 (net to
Agrium of $45-million after elimination of non-controlling interests);







    
    
    


       
     
    A $41-million reduction in potash profit taxes; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    A $22-million reduction in selling expenses.



These favorable changes were partially offset by a $95-million change in other expenses as outlined
in the table below:


Below is a summary of our other expense (income) for the fourth quarter of 2009 and 2008:






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Three months ended December 31,
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Stock-based compensation
     
     
    34
     
     
     
    (35
    )


    Loss on derivative financial instruments
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    87
     


    Interest income
     
     
    (11
    )
     
     
    (11
    )


    Foreign exchange (gain) loss
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (98
    )


    Other
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    18
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    56
     
     
     
    (39
    )


     





The tax recovery in the fourth quarter of 2009 was primarily due to the higher than expected
proportion of income earned in lower taxed jurisdictions and a loss incurred in higher taxed (U.S.)
jurisdiction. The effective tax rate was 22 percent for 2009, compared with 31 percent for 2008.
The lower annual tax rate was due to a higher proportion of income earned in lower taxed
jurisdictions in 2009, partially offset by Canadian income tax on the foreign exchange gains
related to our U.S. dollar-denominated debt.




Business Segment Performance




Retail


Retail’s 2009 fourth quarter net sales were $738-million, compared to $1.0-billion in the fourth
quarter of 2008. Gross profit was $189-million in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to
$228-million for the same period last year. Retail EBIT was a loss of $57-million in the fourth
quarter of 2009, versus a loss of $54-million in the fourth quarter of 2008.


Crop nutrient net sales were $431-million this quarter compared to $631-million in the same quarter
last year. Lower crop nutrient prices for the primary nutrients more than offset an increase in
sales volumes this quarter compared to the same period last year. While crop nutrient sales volumes
were above last year’s levels, they were still 20 percent below expected

72      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





volumes due to the shortened fall application season. Gross profit for crop nutrients was
$46-million this quarter compared to the fourth quarter results of $60-million achieved in 2008.
This quarter over quarter variance in gross profit also reflects a $93-million write-down in
nutrient inventory valuation in the fourth quarter of 2008. Crop nutrient margins averaged 11
percent in the fourth quarter of 2009, slightly higher than the third quarter of 2009 and slightly
higher than the fourth quarter of 2008 including the write-down. The reduction in gross profit
compared to last year was due to the decline in overall crop nutrient prices, both from the fourth
quarter of 2008 and during 2009, therefore reducing the realizable margin, while the shortened fall
application season limited the typically higher margin, full-service ammonia market. We anticipate
crop nutrient margins to improve significantly in 2010 as demand is expected to be strong and
inventory costs are below current replacement costs. Sales volumes at our South American operations
were also higher this quarter when compared to the same period last year as rain has returned to
the region, ending the worst drought in approximately 100 years. Gross profit from our South
American retail operations was $10-million this quarter, compared to $7-million last year which
included an $8-million write-down in inventory in the fourth quarter of 2008.


Crop protection net sales were $234-million in the fourth quarter of 2009, a 19 percent decrease
from the $288-million in sales for the same period last year. This was mainly due to lower sales
prices for glyphosate, which was partially offset by an 83 percent increase in glyphosate volumes
this quarter compared to the same period last year. Gross profit this quarter was $98-million, a
decrease of $35-million over last year’s $133-million, due primarily to timing differences in the
recognition of volume rebates. On an annual basis, 2009 rebates exceeded 2008. Crop protection
product margins as a percentage of net sales were 42 percent for the fourth quarter of 2009, as
compared to 46 percent in the same period last year.


Net sales for seed, services and other decreased by 29 percent to $73-million this quarter, from
$103-million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Gross profit was $45-million in the fourth quarter of
2009, compared to $35-million for the same period last year. Seed sales were $16-million in the
fourth quarter of 2009, a decrease of 65 percent over the same period last year due primarily to
less wheat acres being planted.


Gross profit from seed sales was $16-million this quarter compared to $7-million in the fourth
quarter of 2008, due to timing of seed rebates recognition this year. Application services revenues
were $32-million and gross profit was $24-million this quarter, both marginally higher than results
from the same period last year. The relative strength in earnings from this product line in a
difficult agricultural environment illustrates the benefits of the diversity in our Retail
business.


Retail selling expenses for the fourth quarter of 2009 were $211-million, a 13 percent decline over
last year’s level, primarily due to reduced fuel and maintenance costs and to lower salaries and
performance incentives earned. Selling expenses as a percentage of net sales in the fourth quarter
of 2009 was 29 percent, up significantly from the 24 percent in the same period last year. The 51
percent decrease in nutrient unit prices compared to the prior period was the primary contributor
to the higher expense as a percent of sales.




Wholesale


Wholesale’s net sales were $716-million for the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to $982-million for
the fourth quarter of 2008. Gross profit was $180-million in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared
with the $283-million in the fourth quarter for 2008, due primarily to lower average sales prices
across all three nutrients. The resulting reduction in quarter over quarter selling prices more
than offset a 44 percent increase in sales volumes in the fourth quarter of 2009 when compared to
the same period last year. The key factor driving the higher volumes during the quarter was a
return to stronger demand from North American customers for all three nutrients, despite the
shortened application season this fall. Cost of product sold for the fourth quarter of 2009 was
$237 per tonne, $209 per tonne lower than the same quarter in 2008 due primarily to lower natural
gas costs on nitrogen and $121-million of inventory write-downs in the fourth quarter of 2008. EBIT
of $140-million in the fourth quarter of 2009 was $34-million higher than the fourth quarter of
2008 due primarily to lower potash profit taxes and derivative losses. Prior year EBIT was also
impacted by a $45-million impairment, after non-controlling interest, of our former investment in
EAgrium.


Nitrogen gross profit was $95-million this quarter, compared to $136-million in the same quarter
last year. Benchmark prices and Agrium’s realized prices were lower than last year across all
nitrogen products. Domestic and international ammonia and urea volumes were up significantly in the
fourth quarter of 2009 compared to the same period last year. Nitrogen cost of product sold was
$214 per tonne this quarter, significantly lower than the $317 per tonne in the fourth quarter of
2008. The lower production cost was primarily a result of lower North American gas prices. Agrium’s
nitrogen margins averaged $102 per tonne this quarter, compared with $197 per tonne in the fourth
quarter of last year.

73      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





Agrium’s overall natural gas cost was $4.82/MMBtu (including gas hedging) in the fourth quarter of
2009 versus $7.41/MMBtu in the fourth quarter of 2008. The U.S. benchmark (NYMEX) natural gas
price for the fourth quarter of 2009 was $4.27/MMBtu, versus $6.82/MMBtu in the same quarter last
year and $3.41/MMBtu in the third quarter of 2009. The AECO (Alberta) basis narrowed to $0.28/MMBtu
in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to $0.98/MMBtu in same period of 2008.


Potash gross profit was $74-million ($210 per tonne) in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus
$159-million ($562 per tonne) in the fourth quarter of 2008. The average realized sales price was
$382 per tonne this quarter, down from $678 per tonne for the same period last year. Sales volumes
were 353,000 tonnes, an increase of 25 percent from the same period last year. Domestic demand was
up 81 percent compared to the same period last year; while international sales remained
significantly lower than the fourth quarter of 2008 due to continued uncertainty in international
markets given the negotiations for a new supply contract with China were not complete. Cost of
product sold on a per tonne basis was $172 per tonne or $56 per tonne higher than for the same
quarter last year, partly due to the stronger Canadian dollar and lower operating rates at our
Vanscoy facility.


Phosphate gross profit was $1-million this quarter, compared to $86-million in the same quarter
last year. Realized sales prices averaged $392 per tonne, down $725 per tonne when compared to the
record $1,117 per tonne price achieved in the same quarter last year. Sales volume this quarter was
232,000 tonnes, representing a 69 percent increase as compared to the same quarter in 2008.
Phosphate cost of product sold was $388 per tonne or $101 per tonne lower than the fourth quarter
of 2008, primarily due to lower ammonia and sulphur costs. The phosphate market experienced
improvement in benchmark prices in the fourth quarter from the previous quarter in 2009. When
compared to the third quarter of this year, average realized sales prices for the fourth quarter of
2009 were $24 per tonne higher and benchmark prices have continued to climb into 2010.


Gross profit for the Purchase for Resale business in the fourth quarter of 2009 was $2-million
versus a loss of $108-million for the same period last year. The majority of the variance was due
to an inventory write-down of $121-million taken in the fourth quarter of 2008.


Wholesale expenses were $136-million lower in the fourth quarter of 2009 than the same period last
year. This was primarily due to a $45-million impairment (after non-controlling interest) booked in
the fourth quarter of 2008 of our former investment in EAgrium and a $51-million reduction in
hedging losses on our natural gas, power and foreign exchange derivatives. The remainder of
reduction in expenses was due to lower potash profit taxes in the fourth quarter of 2009 primarily
as a result of lower quarter-over-quarter margins.




Advanced Technologies


Advanced Technologies’ fourth quarter 2009 net sales were $95-million compared to $76-million in
the fourth quarter of 2008. The increase was primarily attributed to the inclusion of the new turf
and ornamental business that was transferred from Retail to Advanced Technologies in 2009. Although
ESN sales volumes were up 88 percent in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to the same period in
2008, net sales were impacted by lower average realized sales prices in ESN and other controlled
release products versus the fourth quarter of 2008, as a result of a decline in the price of urea.


Gross profit for Advanced Technologies was $16-million for the quarter, compared with $17-million
for the same period last year. EBITDA was $8-million lower this quarter versus the comparable
period in 2008 due to lower average realized sales prices and margins for products sold and higher
selling, general and administrative costs. Selling, general and administrative costs for Advanced
Technologies were $10-million higher in the fourth quarter of 2009 than the same period last year
due primarily to the relocation of the segment’s corporate offices to Loveland, Colorado and the
inclusion of costs related to the new turf and ornamental operations transferred from Retail.




Other


EBIT for our other non-operating business unit for the fourth quarter of 2009 was a loss of
$46-million, a decrease of $160-million compared with earnings of $114-million for the fourth
quarter of 2008. The decrease reflected the absence of foreign exchange gains which occurred in the
fourth quarter of 2008, and an increase in stock-based compensation expense driven by an increase
in our share price in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared with a decrease in the comparative period
of 2008.

74      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 










Accounting estimates and




new accounting standards


Our consolidated financial statements and accounting policies are presented in accordance with
Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A full discussion of our significant
accounting policies is provided in note 2 to our 2009 consolidated financial statements.


The preparation of financial statements under Canadian GAAP requires us to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the year. Such assessments are made using the best information available to
management at the time. Although management reviews its estimates on an ongoing basis, actual
results may differ from these estimates as confirming events occur.




Critical Accounting Estimates


We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if:






    
    
    


       
     
    It requires significant assumptions about matters that are inherently highly uncertain at the
time the accounting estimate is made; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    Different estimates that we could have used in the current period, or changes in accounting
estimates that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, would have a material impact
on our financial condition or consolidated results of operations.



Management has discussed the development and selection of the following critical accounting
estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee has reviewed
the disclosure presented relating to these policies.


The following discussion presents information about our most critical accounting estimates.




Collectibility of accounts receivable


We evaluate collectibility of customer receivables according to the customer and the nature of the
sale. We adjust the allowance for doubtful accounts quarterly based on our evaluation. The
evaluation includes assumptions about a customer’s credit quality as well as subjective factors and
trends including the length of time a receivable has been outstanding, specific knowledge of each
customer’s financial condition, and historical experience. The Company’s experience with respect to
the incurrence of bad debt losses has been within expectations and has generally been limited to a
small number of specific customer situations.




Inventory valuation

Our determination of net realizable value of inventories requires considerable judgment. Inherent
uncertainties exist in estimating forecasted selling prices, including assumptions about demand and
supply variables. Demand variables include grain and oilseed prices and stock-to-use ratios and
changes in inventories in distribution channels. Examples of supply variables include forecasted
prices of raw materials such as natural gas, estimated operating rates and crop nutrient inventory
levels. Results could differ if actual selling prices differ materially from forecasted selling
prices. Factors affecting forecasted selling prices do not depend on any single factor in
isolation; we must make assumptions about interrelationships among factors to forecast future
selling prices. During 2009 and 2008 we recorded charges to write down inventories and purchase
commitments by $63-million and $216-million respectively.




Property, plant and equipment


We record property, plant and equipment at cost and include the cost of replacements and
betterments including planned major maintenance. In the event we construct a new production
facility, cost is defined as expenditures incurred up to the commencement of commercial production,
and includes internal and external costs of personnel, material and services, as well as interest
capitalized during construction.

75      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





Planned major maintenance includes replacement or overhaul of equipment and items such as
compressors, turbines, pumps, motors, valves, piping and other parts, internal assessment of
production equipment, replacement of aged catalysts, new installation or recalibration of
measurement and control devices and other costs. Such expenditures are capitalized if they extend
the useful life or increase the output or efficiency of equipment compared to pre-turnaround
optimal working condition-levels of efficiency and output. Expenditures that do not extend the
useful life or increase the output or efficiency of equipment such as routine maintenance and
expenditures to maintain production equipment in proper working condition are expensed as incurred.
The nature of deferred turnaround expenditures are consistent in all periods presented. Turnarounds
are charged to cost of product sold on a straight line basis over the period until the next
turnaround, generally one to four years. Capitalization of planned major maintenance, as opposed to
expensing the cost when incurred, results in deferring recognition of plant turnaround expenditures
and results in the classification of the related cash outflows as investing activities in the
Company’s statement of cash flows, whereas others that expense similar costs as incurred classify
the cash outflows as operating cash flows.




Depreciation expense


We depreciate our property, plant and equipment based on their estimated service lives, which
typically range from two to 25 years. We estimate initial service lives based on experience and
current technology. These estimates may be extended through sustaining capital programs or by
access to new supplies of raw materials. Factors affecting the fair value of our assets may also
affect the estimated useful lives of our assets and these factors are constantly changing.
Therefore, we periodically review the estimated remaining lives of our facilities and adjust our
depreciation rates prospectively where appropriate.




Intangibles


We estimate the initial life of intangibles based on experience and current technology. Impairment
or changes in the amortization period of an intangible may result because of a significant adverse
change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal
factors or in the business climate, or a significant decline in the observable market value of an
asset.




Impairment of long-lived assets


Impairment occurs when the carrying value of a long-lived asset exceeds both the cash flows it is
capable of generating and its fair value. Fair value can be affected by a number of factors,
including new technology, market conditions for our products, availability of raw material inputs,
and estimated service lives of the assets. We review the carrying value of our property, plant and
equipment on a regular basis and where it exceeds the undiscounted cash flow expected to result
from the asset’s use and fair value, we consider the asset to be impaired. Determination of
undiscounted cash flows or fair value requires judgement about future cash flows, interest rates,
growth rates, costs, pricing, capital expenditures and market conditions. If impairment has
occurred, an impairment charge is recognized immediately.



Fair value of financial assets and liabilities

Changes in quoted market prices, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, expected future prices for
underlying assets, and general market conditions could affect fair values. The Company’s exposure
is primarily to fluctuations in market prices of natural gas and foreign exchange rates.
Non-performance risk, including the Company’s own credit risk for financial liabilities, is
considered when determining the fair value of financial assets or liabilities, including derivative
liabilities. The impact of non-performance does not have a material impact on fair values in the
Company’s financial statements.

Goodwill

Goodwill is assessed for impairment by estimating the fair value of each of our reporting units,
which correspond to our operating segments. Fair value of reporting units is determined by relying
primarily on the discounted cash flow method. This method estimates the fair value of a business
unit using a discounted five year forecasted cash flow with a terminal value. Terminal values are
estimated with a growth model incorporating a long-term future growth rate based on our most recent
views of the long-term outlook for the business unit. The discount rate is based on our
weighted-average cost of capital, adjusted for the risks and uncertainty inherent in each business
unit and our internally developed forecasts, which we believe approximates the discount rate from a
market participant’s perspective. The assumptions underlying our projected cash flows are derived
from several sources, including internal budgets, which contain information on sales, assumed
production levels and costs, and product pricing. Projected cash flows are reviewed by senior
management.

76      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


Estimated fair value could be impacted by changes in interest rates, growth rates, costs, pricing,
capital expenditures and market conditions. Where available and as appropriate, we use comparative
market multiples to corroborate discounted cash flow results. Compared to the use of market
multiples, the discounted cash flow approach more closely aligns valuations to the business model
for each business unit, the specific projections of the business and its geographic markets and
products.

A prolonged period of reduced demand and prices for our major products resulting in lower long-term
growth rates and reduced long-term profitability may reduce the fair value of our reporting units.
The fair value of each of our reporting units exceeds its carrying value by a significant amount.

Environmental remediation liabilities and asset retirement obligations

Estimated costs of environmental remediation are based on our best estimate of undiscounted future
costs. Changes in estimates of future costs or the timing of expenditures would affect our
estimates. Our estimates of future cash flows required to fulfill our obligations for asset
retirement obligations are based on current environmental laws and regulations, discounted at our
credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. Changes in estimates of future costs, expected timing of
expenditures and interest rates would affect our estimates and accordingly could affect earnings.

Employee future benefits

Pension plan and post-retirement benefit costs for our defined benefit plans are determined
annually by independent actuaries, and include current service costs, interest cost of projected
benefits, return on plan assets and amortization of actuarial gains or losses. Our actuaries use a
variety of assumptions to determine the pension and post-retirement obligations and costs for our
defined benefit plans including the discount rate, the expected rate of return on plan assets, the
role of future compensation increases, and health care cost trend rates. The assumptions used may
differ materially from actual results, which may result in a significant impact to the amount of
pension obligation or expense recorded.

Stock-based compensation

The Company’s expense for stock-based compensation primarily depends on our stock price at the date
of grant and at the end of a reporting period, and assumptions about vesting of awards. Assumptions
about vesting require estimates of the relative ranking of certain measures of the Company’s
performance compared to the performance for a selected peer group of companies, and estimates of
individual employee retention. Changes in stock prices and assumptions about vesting would affect
our recorded expenses and related liabilities.

Rebates

The Company enters into agreements with suppliers, primarily for crop protection products and seed.
Rebate agreements provide for vendor rebates typically based on the achievement of specified
purchase volumes, sales to end users over a specified period of time, or when market conditions
cause vendors to reduce manufacturers’ suggested retail prices. The Company accounts for rebates
and prepay discounts as a reduction of the prices of suppliers’ products. Rebates that are probable
and can be reasonably estimated are accrued based on total estimated performance in a crop year
(generally October to September). Rebates that are not probable or estimable are accrued when
certain milestones are achieved. Rebates not covered by binding agreements or published vendor
programs are accrued when conclusive documentation of right of receipt is obtained.

Rebates based on the amount of materials purchased reduce cost of product sold as inventory is
sold. Rebates that are based on sales volume are offset to cost of product sold when the Company
determines that they have been earned based on sales volume of related products.

77      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


Income Taxes

The Company is subject to income taxes in Canada and the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions.
For each jurisdiction, we estimate the actual amount of income taxes currently payable or
receivable, as well as future income tax assets and liabilities. Judgement is necessary in
evaluating our tax positions and determining income tax expense. During the ordinary course of
business, there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. For example, our effective tax rates could be negatively affected by earnings being
lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than
anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory tax rates, or by changes in tax laws,
regulations or interpretations. We are also subject to audit in various tax jurisdictions and,
although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could
result in additional taxes being assessed, possibly resulting in a material impact on our earnings
or cash flows.

New Accounting Standards

During 2009, the Company adopted standards affecting the recognition, measurement, presentation and
disclosure of intangible assets, including guidance on pre-production and start-up costs, requiring
that these costs be expensed as incurred. The Company does not expect that adoption of this
standard will have a significant impact on its financial statements in the future.

Accounting Standards and Policy Changes Not Yet Implemented

Beginning in 2011, the Company will adopt guidance on business combinations, consolidated financial
statements and non-controlling interests. The new standards change the recognition of assets and
liabilities in purchase price allocations and require expensing of certain acquisition-related
costs. To the extent that the Company completes acquisitions in 2011 and beyond, the impact of
adopting this standard could be material. However, the impact depends on the nature and size of
future acquisitions.

International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)

The Company will adopt IFRS as required by Canadian GAAP on January 1, 2011. IFRS will require
restatement of comparative figures.

In 2008, Agrium established a dedicated team to develop and implement the IFRS transition plan to
comply with the changeover date of January 1, 2011. The plan outlines two project phases: design
and development; and, implementation and parallel reporting. To date, Agrium is completing the
design and development phase and will be entering the implementation phase in Q1 of 2010.

78      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





    The table below outlines our key IFRS transition plan activities, major milestones and
timelines and progress to date.








     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
    IFRS Transition


    Key Elements
     
    Milestones/Timelines
     
    Project Status





    Accounting
policies:    
Analyze of accounting policy
differences     
Select IFRS accounting policies and determine IFRS 1
elections     
Develop IFRS financial statement format with appropriate
disclosures     
Quantify IFRS impacts on transition

     
        Accounting policies and draft
IFRS financial statement format with disclosures
approved by senior management and in for review
to the Audit Committee Q2,
2010     
Final quantification of IFRS transition effects
for 2010 and comparative year Q1, 2011

     
        Preliminary decisions on accounting
policies, including IFRS 1 optional exemptions, have
been made     
Preliminary drafting of IFRS financial statement
format with disclosures has been
completed 
    Quantification of
IFRS transition effects are identified as each work
package progresses


     
     
     
     
     


    Information
systems:    
Analyze of changes necessary to enable
recording/tracking/reporting of financial information
required under all applicable GAAP for the parallel
reporting
year(s)     
Develop and implement solution

     
        Information system solutions
in place for parallel reporting year for all applicable GAAP, 2010

     
        Identifying and implementing dual
reporting solutions for parallel reporting year.
Monitoring and adjusting changes as work packages
progress


     
     
     
     
     


    Control
environment:    
Where there are changes to accounting
policies/procedures, assess both the internal controls
over financial reporting, the disclosure controls and
procedures for design and effectiveness and implement
appropriate changes

     
        Testing of internal controls
for 2010 comparatives completed by Q1 2011

     
        Preliminary analysis indicates that
we are expecting minimal changes to our internal
control processes


     
     
     
     
     


    Training
requirements:     
Develop strategic training plan for all levels and
departments of the
organization     
Deliver targeted training to key employees where roles
are impacted by IFRS
transition     
Communicate accounting policy changes and resulting
impacts across
organization     
Communicate transition project plan progress both
internally and externally

     
        Appropriate level of IFRS
financial reporting expertise achieved by
changeover
date      Communication
of the effects of IFRS transition on the
organization both internally and externally by
changeover date

     
        Directors and Officers received IFRS
training Q4,
2009     
Second wave of IFRS immersion training for key finance
and accounting employees Q1,
2010     
Targeted training continues to those impacted
employees as each work package
progresses     
Quarterly communications will continue on the IFRS
transition project progress across the organization
and externally through MD&A disclosures


     
     
     
     
     


    Business
impacts:     
Analysis of business activities that may be impacted by
GAAP measures, such as debt covenants and compensation
and identification of solutions where
necessary     
Analysis of tax impacts on transition to IFRS

     
        Applicable negotiation of
covenants and compensation arrangements by end
of
2010     
Identification of significant tax impacts Q2,
2010

     
        Preliminary analysis of debt
covenants and compensation arrangements indicate that
the impacts of IFRS transition are not expected to be
material     
Continuing to identify tax impacts as each work
package progresses





79      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 




During the design and development phase, a number of differences have been identified between
currently applied accounting principles and those under IFRS. Following below are the standards
that may have a significant impact on Agrium’s consolidated financial statements. The listing is not
meant to be viewed as an exhaustive listing of changes that will be experienced by the transition
to IFRS. Detailed analysis of these changes is continuing and approval of accounting policies is
expected in 2010. At this time, the full impact of transitioning to IFRS on the Company’s future
financial position is not reasonably determinable or estimable.



Impairment


Under IFRS, the impairment of assets, excluding financial assets, is tested and measured by
comparing the carrying value of an asset or cash generating unit to its recoverable amount.
Recoverable amount is measured as the higher of fair value less cost to sell or value-in-use
(discounted future cash flows). Canadian GAAP uses a two step approach to first test for, and then
subsequently measure, an impairment loss. IFRS permits, unlike Canadian GAAP, impairment reversals
for assets (excluding goodwill). The IFRS approach has the potential to increase income statement
volatility due to the potential for increased write-downs and reversals of write-downs.


IFRS allocates goodwill to the cash generating units (“CGUs”) that benefit from the expected
synergies of the related business combination and tests that goodwill for impairment at the CGU or
group of CGUs level. More than one CGU can be aggregated when allocating the goodwill from a
business combination. This allocation under IFRS may be at a lower level than the allocation of
goodwill under Canadian GAAP and as a result some companies may have increased potential for
impairment losses.



Provisions (includes asset retirement obligations)


Under IFRS, a provision is recognized when: there is a present obligation as a result of a
past transaction or event; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle
the obligation; and, a reliable estimate of that outflow can be made. “Probable” refers to the
event being more likely to occur than not. Under Canadian GAAP, recognition of provisions is based
on the criterion of “likely”. The IFRS threshold of “probable” may result in some contingent
liabilities meeting the recognition criteria under IFRS that were not recognized under Canadian
GAAP.


Other differences, between Canadian GAAP and IFRS, exist in measuring an entity’s provisions. IFRS
requires a provision to be measured as the “best estimate” of the expenditure to be incurred. Where
there is a range of possible outcomes, and each point in the range is as likely as any other, the
mid-point of the range is used as the best estimate. Under Canadian GAAP an entity would use the
low-end of a range. IFRS, unlike Canadian GAAP, also requires discounting of a provision where the
effect of discounting is material.



Employee benefits


IFRS permits the recognition of actuarial gains and losses immediately in equity, immediately
to earnings, or on a deferred basis to earnings. Canadian GAAP does not permit immediate
recognition in equity. Further, under IFRS, vested past service costs are required to be expensed
immediately while unvested costs are to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
period. Under Canadian GAAP, past service costs are amortized over the expected average remaining
service life of active employees, unless employees in that plan are inactive. Costs are then
amortized over the average life expectancy of the former employees. This change is expected to
accelerate the recognition of past service costs.


The Company is evaluating policy choices that will determine the effect on future financial
statements.



Share-based payments


IFRS requires cash-settled, share-based awards to be measured at fair value. Canadian GAAP
requires that these awards are measured at intrinsic value. This is expected to impact the
measurement of Agrium’s stock-based compensation liabilities and stock-based compensation expense.



Income taxes


Accounting for deferred income tax effects of a business combination differs under IFRS.
Differences may affect deferred
tax amounts, goodwill and income tax expense arising from a business combination.


Classification of deferred tax under IFRS is non-current whereas Canadian GAAP splits deferred
taxes between current and non-current components.


80      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 




 











First-time adoption of IFRS


Agrium’s adoption of IFRS will require the application of IFRS 1 — First Time Adoption of
International Financial Reporting Standards. This standard provides guidance for Agrium’s initial
adoption which requires, in general, that Agrium apply all IFRS effective at the end of its first
IFRS reporting period retrospectively. However, IFRS 1 does require certain mandatory exceptions
and permit certain optional exemptions from this general requirement. Agrium continues to assess
the implications of IFRS 1 on its opening balance sheet.






Enterprise risk management


We are exposed to various risks and uncertainties in the normal course of business that can
cause variations in results from operations and affect our financial condition. The acceptance of
certain risks is both necessary and advantageous in order to achieve our growth targets and our
vision. We focus on long-term results and manage related risks and uncertainties. Our risk
management structure strives to ensure sound business decisions are made that balance risk and
reward and drive the maximization of total shareholder return.


At Agrium, we believe that everyone has a part to play in Risk Management:







     
    
     
    Our Board of Directors has oversight responsibility for risk. This includes understanding
the material risks of the business and the related mitigation strategies, as well as taking
reasonable steps to ensure that management has an effective risk management process in place
to identify, understand and appropriately manage the risks of the business;



     

     
    
     
    In addition to the oversight responsibility of the Board of Directors, individual
Committees of the Board have the mandate to oversee specific risks relevant to their areas;



     

     
    
     
    Risks that are unique to our separate strategic business units are managed under the
jurisdiction of the Presidents of those business units. Corporate risks fall under the
jurisdiction of Corporate Functional Heads; and,



     

     
    
     
    Agrium has appointed a Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”). The CRO is responsible for maintaining
an effective Enterprise Risk Management Process (“ERM Process”). The CRO monitors current
developments in risk management practices, drives improvements in Agrium’s Risk Management
philosophy, program and policies, and supports development of a best practice risk
management culture.





Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) Process


Through Agrium’s ERM Process, senior management, business units and corporate functions seek
to formally identify all risks facing the business. Once identified, risks and related mitigation
strategies are ranked, documented within the ERM database, and reviewed quarterly. If the residual
risk (defined below) for any given risk is considered to be unacceptably high, additional
mitigation strategies are developed for implementation.


Quarterly, the CRO reports all High Impact Risks, and changes to those risks, identified through the
ERM Process to senior management and the Board of Directors. Annually, the CRO reports all risks to
the Board of Directors, regardless of risk ranking, and presents an in-depth review of the ERM
Process.

81      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 






Ranking risks


Rankings are assigned to risks based on the potential impact of the risk on the business.


At Agrium, we assign rankings to risks based on our Risk Matrix:



Agrium’s risk matrix


More Severe







Less Severe


Our Risk Matrix takes into account the expected consequence and frequency of a risk event.
Consequence and frequency rankings for each risk are determined after taking into account existing
mitigation strategies. In Risk Management literature, this is referred to as Residual Risk.



Frequency Rankings


A frequency ranking represents how often a consequence related to a risk is expected to occur – it
is akin to probability of loss from the risk.



Consequence Rankings


In assigning consequence rankings, we consider the impact of a risk event to each of the following
three areas: (a) company reputation; (b) our financial health; and, (c) the environment and the
health and safety of our employees and external parties. Consequences are evaluated in terms of
the aggregate impact within an annual period, and are classified as catastrophic, grave,
significant, moderate or modest based on the overall impact to corporate reputation, our financial
health, the environment, and the health and safety of our employees and external parties.



Limitations


Our ERM Process and Risk Management Structure helps us to identify and appropriately manage
our risks. However, it should not be assumed that the process will identify and eliminate all
risks. Sometimes, the appropriate risk management strategy may be to accept the risk. In other
cases where we seek to reduce or eliminate the risk, strategies adopted to mitigate risks may not
be successful, or cost-effective. For example, in some cases, financial risk may be reduced through
insurance or hedging programs. However, there may be situations where these programs can be costly
in relation to the risks insured, and coverage may only be partial. In still other cases, risk
management may involve far-reaching strategic decisions with long-term consequences, and the risk
reduction may be hard to measure or evaluate in the short-term.

82      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 











Business Risks


The following is a discussion of the key business risks that we have identified through our ERM
Process and the strategies we have adopted to manage them.



Unplanned plant downtime


The results of our Wholesale and Advanced Technologies businesses are dependant on the
availability of our manufacturing facilities. Prolonged plant shutdown may result in a significant
reduction in product that is available for sale.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    Production Excellence program, including: operational standards that govern our
manufacturing processes; engineering standards for manufacturing processes and capital
projects; and, programs aimed at continuous improvement in our production processes, such as
root cause analysis for production challenges;



     

     
    
     
    Equipment integrity programs, including regular equipment inspections and a five-year
planned capital and maintenance program;



     

     
    
     
    Environment, Health, Safety & Security (“EHS&S”) Excellence program, including:
well-established process safety standards, policies and programs; defined expectations and
policy for managing process change in facilities; structured EHS&S risk management program
under which we analyze our manufacturing processes for process hazards and recommend and
implement improvements as warranted; and, structured environmental management and security
standards, policies, and programs;



     

     
    
     
    Mandatory training programs for Operations, Maintenance, and Technical personnel to ensure
appropriate skills and training are in place to maintain and operate the facilities;



     

     
    
     
    Audit programs for EHS&S, operational standards, risk management, and process reliability
programs. The audit programs assess compliance with our established policies and procedures,
and also seek to identify opportunities for continuous improvement; and,



     

     
    
     
    Sound project management processes to help ensure capital projects are executed to the
appropriate design standards and completed on schedule and budget.




Product price and margin

Agrium’s operating results are dependent upon product prices and margins, which are in turn
dependent on demand for crop inputs. Demand for crop inputs can be affected by a number of factors
including weather conditions, outlook for crop nutrient prices and farmer economics, governmental
policies, access of our customers to credit, and build-up of inventories in distribution channels.

Product price and margins are also significantly influenced by competitor actions that change
overall industry production capacity, such as decisions to build or close production facilities,
and changes in utilization rates.

The majority of our Wholesale nutrient business is a commodity business with little product
differentiation. Product prices are largely affected by supply and demand conditions, input costs
and product prices and, therefore, resulting margins can be volatile.

Within our Wholesale business, we sell manufactured product as well as product we have purchased
for resale. Both sides of the business are subject to margin volatility.

Our Retail and AAT business units experience relatively stable margins, which provide stability to
our annual cash flows and earnings. Nonetheless, during times of significant price volatility,
margins can be impacted by the above factors.

83      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 










Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    The broad product diversity of our Wholesale business (nitrogen, potash, and phosphate)
reduces the impact of poor supply and demand fundamentals that can be experienced by a
particular product category;



     

     
    
     
    The geographic diversity of our Wholesale customer base (North America, South America, and
International) reduces the impact of poor economic, crop or weather conditions in any one
region;



     

     
    
     
    Our extensive distribution and storage capability can help reduce Wholesale variability
that may arise from a downturn in demand in a localized area;



     

     
    
     
    Our commitment to operational excellence helps ensure rigorous management of operational
risks that could compromise production efficiencies or increase operating costs. This
provides us with a relatively stable and predictable production/supply base that helps to
mitigate Wholesale earnings volatility;



     

     
    
     
    Our Wholesale customers have diverse end uses for our products (agricultural and
industrial), with some of our industrial sales prices based on a gas-indexed cost plus margin
basis;



     

     
    
     
    Within the Wholesale business, we make prepaid forward sales, and we may lock in nitrogen
margins on manufactured product using forward gas price derivative financial instruments;
and,



     

     
    
     
    Within our Retail business, we have further mitigating factors including:









     
    
     
    Product and service diversity (fertilizer, chemical, seed and application services); and,



     

     
    
     
    Geographic diversity that helps spread risk associated with regional weather and
crops (broad regional U.S. and South American markets).





Raw materials


Natural gas is the principal raw material used to manufacture nitrogen and is our single
largest purchased raw material for our Wholesale operation. North American natural gas prices are
subject to price volatility. An increase in the price of natural gas increases our nitrogen cost
of production, and may negatively impact our nitrogen margins for our North American nitrogen
sales. This is particularly important for our nitrogen facilities in Western Canada and Borger,
Texas where we purchase gas on the open market. Higher production costs may be partially or fully
reflected in higher domestic and international product prices, but these conditions do not always
prevail.


There is also a risk to the Profertil nitrogen facility on gas deliverability during the winter
period, due to strains on gas distribution in Argentina. The Argentine Government has at times
reduced gas available to industrial users in favour of residential users during the peak winter
demand season. Also, Profertil may not be able to renew its gas supply contracts at favorable
rates or at all.


There are inherent risks associated with mining. For phosphate there are risks associated with the
variability of the phosphate rock quality that can impact cost and production volumes. For potash
mining there is also a risk of incurring water intake or flooding.



Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    The Profertil nitrogen facility has gas contracts that are not tied to North American gas prices;



     

     
    
     
    We use derivative financial instruments and other contractual arrangements to manage the risk of gas price volatility;



     

     
    
     
    We use a variety of tools in an effort to mitigate our risk and stabilize our earnings,
including derivative financial instruments, swaps, forward sales, prepayments, 90 day rolling
forecast, and rigorous market analysis;



     

     
    
     
    Raw materials and energy are procured on a competitive basis employing a mix of long-term,
short-term and spot contracts with a variety of suppliers, consistent with the Corporate
Procurement Policy and Practices;



     

     
    
     
    Our practice of adjusting our production rates and sourcing supply for purchased product
when conditions dictate reduces our exposure to high natural gas costs;




84      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 















     
    
     
    The majority of our nitrogen sold in North America is produced in Western Canada, which
has lower-cost gas than the average cost for most of our competitors who produce and sell
elsewhere in North America;



     

     
    
     
    In the long-term, our goal is to increase our nitrogen capacity in areas where long-term
supplies of lower-cost natural gas are available;



     

     
    
     
    For mining, we have medium-term highly competitive contracts in place with suppliers and
maintain high mining standards, employing the latest technologies and techniques; and,



     

     
    
     
    As sulfur is a primary raw material used in manufacturing of phosphate fertilizers, the
use of contract pricing based on less volatile market indexes has been implemented to
mitigate the market volatility. From time to time, we also utilize long-term supply
contracts.





Foreign exchange


A significant shift in the value of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar could impact the
earnings of our Canadian operations, which earn revenues mainly in U.S. dollars and incur expenses
mainly in Canadian dollars. The major impact would be to our Canadian potash and phosphate
operations, on a per-unit cost of product sold basis, as well as our corporate overhead costs.
Significant changes in the Canadian dollar can also have direct, short-term impact on our Canadian
income tax rate.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    Exposure to currency fluctuations is partially offset through our currency hedging programs.





Transportation


Reducing the delivered cost and ensuring reliability of product delivery to our customers are
key success factors of our Wholesale marketing operations. A potential medium-term risk is the
increased regulations and costs of transporting ammonia within North America given the safety risks
of transporting this product.



Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    We develop detailed forecasts of product movement needs for each facility and mode of transport;



     

     
    
     
    We develop a strategic plan, with specific options, to help mitigate the potential for
increased cost or the reduced deliverability of ammonia and other products over the
medium-term, and continue to work with industry associations to address these issues;



     

     
    
     
    We continually develop and maintain mutually beneficial long-term relationships with major
carriers;



     

     
    
     
    Most of our production facilities are serviced through multiple carriers and modes of
transportation, providing us with important shipping options; and,



     

     
    
     
    We maintain multiple supply points through our extensive distribution network.





Human resources


Long-term forecasts predict a tight labor market across many areas in which we operate, due to
changing demographics including the general aging of the population. A tight labor market,
including the associated risk of losing our key individuals, is a risk to the business.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    We have a structured annual succession planning process focused on actively accelerating
the development of leaders through targeted developmental opportunities;



     

     
    
     
    We are developing a company-wide Leadership Development Framework and tools to enhance
leadership capabilities;



     

     
    
     
    We conduct a continuous review and analysis of our total compensation program to ensure
our offering to employees is competitive in the markets in which we compete for talent;




85      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 










     
    
     
    We track and monitor key workforce metrics to identify high risk areas. Examples
include voluntary resignation, key employee segments with higher attrition, workforce
demographics to forecast retirements and employee exit trends; and,



     

     
    
     
    We benchmark our human resources programs, policies and practices externally to align with
our business strategies and ensure competitiveness.





Country


We have significant operations in Canada and the U.S. We also operate Wholesale and Retail
operations in Argentina and Chile, and Retail operations in Uruguay. We have Wholesale operations
in a number of European countries and business investments in Egypt and China. International
business exposes us to a number of risks, such as uncertain economic conditions in the foreign
countries in which we do business, abrupt changes in foreign government policies and regulations,
restrictions on the right to convert and repatriate currency, political risks and the possible
interruption of raw material supply due to transportation or government imposed restrictions.
Argentina has experienced significant fiscal and economic turmoil since 2002.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    We seek to partner with reputable firms with experience or significant presence in foreign
countries in which we operate or intend to operate;



     

     
    
     
    We hire personnel located in the foreign country or who have operating experience in the foreign country;



     

     
    
     
    We obtain non-recourse project financing with consortiums of international banks where appropriate;



     

     
    
     
    We maintain excess cash related to international operations in U.S. dollars to the extent practicable; and,



     

     
    
     
    We increase our required investment return to reflect our perceived risk of conducting business in specific countries.





Business acquisitions and expansions


There is a risk that an acquisition could fail to fully deliver the expected economic benefits.
There is also a risk associated with any new acquisition that the new assets or business will not
be integrated into the broader organization in an optimal manner that would ensure expected or
optimal synergies are fully realized. Similarly, there is a risk that expansions to existing
facilities or greenfield developments undertaken may not generate the expected return on
investment.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    We have developed a detailed and systematic project review process to analyze the rewards
and risks of all significant investment projects, including acquisitions and development
expansions. Each major investment project must pass a “gate” process where it is reviewed by
the Investment Strategy Committee to ensure it passes key criteria such as strategic fit,
economic return or our hurdle rate and various competitive factors. As important is that all
material risks are identified. For each risk, mitigants are reviewed to ensure that all risks
are appropriately managed;



     

     
    
     
    As part of this process, we assign specific areas of responsibility to our key personnel
with experience in those areas who are then held accountable for results;



     

     
    
     
    We conduct extensive due diligence reviews and financial modeling analyses; and,



     

     
    
     
    We complete periodic assessments of previous acquisitions to update and enhance current
and future strategies in the spirit of continuous improvement and to ensure we remain a
disciplined investor.





Legislative risk


We are subject to legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We
cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and enforcement will change
over time, and it is possible that future changes could negatively impact our operations, markets
or cost structure. For example, potential changes to environmental, health, safety and security
legislation, or changes in government economic, business or social policy could negatively impact
our

86      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


markets or our cost structure, and potential changes to anti-trust laws or interpretations
thereof could negatively impact our international marketing operations through Canpotex.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    We work closely with industry associations and government agencies and officials to seek to
understand and influence legislative trends in a positive way. Ongoing, close working
relationships with industry associations, government agencies and law enforcement ensure
“best practices” and that new regulations are known, understood and met in a timely fashion;
and,



     

     
    
     
    We maintain contact with a broad network of local and international advisors to ensure we
are aware of legislative trends and in compliance with current requirements.





Weather


Anomalies in regional weather patterns can have a significant and unpredictable impact on the
demand for our products and services, and may also have an impact on prices. Our customers have
limited windows of opportunity to complete required tasks at each stage of crop cultivation.
Should adverse weather occur during these seasonal windows, we could face the possibility of
reduced revenue in the season without the opportunity to recover until the following season. In
addition, we face the risk of inventory carrying costs should our customers’ activities be
curtailed during their normal seasons. We must manufacture products throughout the year in order
to meet peak season demand, and we must react quickly to changes in expected weather patterns that
affect demand.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    Our extensive distribution and storage system allows us to move products to locations where
demand is strongest. However, our ability to react is limited by the shortness of the peak
selling season, and margins on these sales in markets further from our production facilities
will be lower due to higher transport costs and potentially lower sales prices;



     

     
    
     
    Geographic diversity of our Wholesale markets and our Retail facilities affords some
protection against regional weather patterns;



     

     
    
     
    We also mitigate our exposure to weather-related risk through our sales to industrial
customers, which are not dependent on regional weather factors. Industrial sales represent
approximately 15 percent of our Wholesale net sales; and,



     

     
    
     
    Agronomic advances in agricultural products and/or equipment can mitigate the risk of
weather-related demand reduction by shortening the time required for application of product,
or widening the window in which product can be applied.





Credit and liquidity


Our business is dependent upon access to operating credit lines to fund our ongoing
operations. Should overall credit liquidity in the markets be severely limited, this could impact
our ability to operate under normal conditions. We mitigate this risk by careful monitoring of our
cash flow needs, regular communication with our credit providers, careful selection of financially
strong banks to participate in our operating lines, and arranging for multiple-year, committed
operating credit facilities.

87      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 



Counterparty


We face the risk of loss should a counterparty be unable to fulfill its obligations with
respect to accounts receivable or other contracts, including derivative financial instruments.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    We have established credit procedures that include assessment of a counterparty’s
credit-worthiness and adherence to credit limits;



     

     
    
     
    For derivative financial instruments, we have established counterparty trading limits and
netting agreements, and a policy of entering into derivative contracts with counterparties
that have investment grade or higher credit ratings; and,



     

     
    
     
    In our Retail business unit, we service customers in diverse geographic markets, reducing
the impact of poor economic or crop conditions in any particular region.





Environment, health, safety and security


We face environmental, health and safety and security risks typical of those found throughout
the agriculture, mining and chemical manufacturing sectors and the fertilizer supply chain. These
include the potential for risk of physical injury to employees and contractors; possible
environmental contamination and human exposure from chemical releases and accidents during
manufacturing; transportation, storage and use; and, the security of our personnel, products and
physical assets domestically and overseas.


Mitigating factors and strategies:







     
    
     
    Agrium has well-defined EHS&S programs and processes, committed leadership, clear lines of
reporting and accountability, and a responsible workforce. In addition to an overall
corporate EHS&S group, we have established an EHS&S organization in each business unit. This
has enabled Agrium to focus on both oversight and governance as well as increasing management
involvement in all of its operations and activities;



     

     
    
     
    Agrium stewards to an integrated EHS&S management system which includes a policy and system
documenting minimum EHS&S management and performance expectations applicable to our
facilities worldwide. Agrium’s business units and, where appropriate, individual facilities
augment these requirements with system controls necessary to manage the risks unique to those
operations. At the operations level, program best practices are in place to direct the
desired outcome;



     

     
    
     
    Agrium has an increasingly well-defined set of EHS&S Key Performance Indicators, annual goals
and systems that are cascaded from the Chief Executive Officer throughout the organization;



     

     
    
     
    Continuous improvement and performance monitoring are effected through four technical
committees, two management committees and the Board EHS&S Committee. These committees meet at
least quarterly to monitor performance against annual and longer-term performance goals, to
discuss plans and strategies for addressing weaknesses in our processes, and to evaluate
opportunities for improving our systems;



     

     
    
     
    Technical support and compliance assurance is managed at three levels within the organization.
Facilities are staffed with technical specialists necessary to support day-to-day operations.
The business units are staffed with broader technical expertise to support business unit
programs. Business unit personnel also conduct regular, rigorous compliance and systems audits
of all locations. The Corporate staff is responsible for maintaining integrated systems,
performance monitoring and business unit systems compliance assurance;



     

     
    
     
    Ongoing, close working relationships with industry associations, government agencies and law
enforcement ensure “best practices”, and that other risk management strategies and new
regulations are known, understood and met in a timely fashion; and,



     

     
    
     
    Annually, we review our EHS&S Policy for relevancy and modify it as appropriate.




88      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 









Environmental protection requirements


Agrium’s operations are subject to a variety of federal, provincial, state and local laws,
regulations, licenses and permits, the purpose of which is to protect the environment. These
environmental protection requirements may apply during design and construction, operation or
modification, at the point of plant closure, and beyond.


The environmental requirements for new projects typically focus on baseline site conditions,
ensuring that the design and equipment selection meet operating requirements; that permitting,
pre-construction studies, and discharge and other operating requirements will be satisfied; and,
that safeguards during construction are in place.


Licenses, permits and approvals at operating sites are obtained in accordance with laws and
regulations which may limit or regulate operating conditions, rates and efficiency; land, water and
raw material use and management; product storage, quality and transportation; waste storage and
disposal; and, emissions and other discharges. Additional legal requirements may apply in
circumstances where site contamination predates the current applicable regulatory framework or
where there is otherwise evidence that those requirements have not been successful in protecting
the environment. These additional requirements may result in an environmental remediation
liability that must be resolved.


Finally, the environmental protection requirements that may apply at the time of closure can be of
two types; environmental remediation liabilities that did not come due or arise until operations
ceased, or asset retirement obligations stipulated by contractual obligations or other legal
requirements. For facilities with these stipulations, asset retirement obligations typically
involve the removal of the asset, remediation of any contamination resulting from the use of that
asset and reclamation of the land.



Contingent environmental liabilities


United States Environmental Protection Agency phosphate industry
initiative


The United States Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) has undertaken an industry-wide
initiative respecting phosphate mines, phosphoric acid and sulfuric acid manufacturing facilities.
The primary focus of the initiative is to clarify certain exceptions for mineral processing wastes
and ensure that facilities comply with the hazardous waste requirements under the U.S. Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (“RCRA”) and related state laws. RCRA is the federal statute which
governs the generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes. The
EPA initiative also seeks to clarify applicability of certain U.S. Clean Air Act (“CAA”) and
related federal and state regulatory programs, including Prevention of Significant Deterioration
permitting and Maximum Available Control Technology standards.


In 2005, the EPA and the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality (“IDEQ”) commenced an
investigation of the Conda facility to evaluate compliance with the CAA, RCRA, the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”), and relevant state law. The EPA
has notified Nu-West Industries, Inc. (“Nu-West”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Agrium Inc., of
potential violations of RCRA and the CAA. In 2008, the government further notified Nu-West that the
EPA had commenced investigation under federal Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act
compliance in the phosphate industry. Nu-West is cooperating and providing timely responses to the
government agencies’ requests for information. In 2009, Nu-West entered into a voluntary consent
order with the EPA to evaluate potential impacts on the environment from the Conda facility’s
operations pursuant to section 3013 of RCRA. Nu-West is working cooperatively with EPA and the
IDEQ to implement this environmental assessment.


Nu-West, along with other industry members who have also been targeted under the same initiative,
are involved in ongoing discussions with the EPA, the U.S. Department of Justice and various
environmental agencies to resolve these matters. Resolution of the issues may take several years.
Agrium is uncertain as to how the matter will be resolved or if litigation will ensue. At this
time, we do not believe the potential exposure, if any, of this initiative to Agrium would be
material. If, however, we are unsuccessful in achieving a satisfactory resolution, we could incur
substantial capital and operating expenses to modify our facilities and operating practices, to
defend any ensuing litigation, or to comply with any subsequent judgments.

89      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


Legacy environmental remediation activities: Idaho mining properties


Nu-West is performing or in the future will perform site investigation and remediation
activities at six closed phosphate mines and one mineral processing facility near Soda Springs,
Idaho. These sites were mined and operated from as early as 1955 to as late as 1996. Selenium, a
trace mineral that is essential for optimal human health but becomes toxic at higher
concentrations, was found in late 1996 to be leaching from reclaimed lands associated with these
sites leased or, in one case, owned by Nu-West and other historic phosphate mines owned by other
parties. Nu-West and other phosphate producers have been working diligently to identify the sources
of selenium contamination, to develop remedies for the closed mines, and to implement best
practices to ensure selenium issues do not become an issue for current and new mining operations.
Detailed investigations and analyses have been conducted for two of these sites. Several years of
study will be required at the other sites to determine the appropriate remediation plans. Since
1996, Nu-West has spent approximately $12-million on investigation and remediation activities at
these sites. Agrium believes that other parties are or may be wholly or partly responsible for
conducting or paying for the remediation of some of these historic sites.


In 2009, Nu-West initiated a lawsuit against the United States of America (“USA”), which is the
owner and lessor of five of the noted historic mine sites. The lawsuit was brought under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) to confirm the USA’s
liability under CERCLA to pay for a material portion of the remediation costs for those sites. That
lawsuit is in its initial stages and is being defended by the USA. If these claims against the USA
are successful, it would appreciably reduce Nu-West’s costs and liability at these sites.



Legacy environmental remediation activities: Manitoba mining properties


Viridian Inc. (“Viridian”), a wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary of Agrium Inc., is managing
investigative and remedial actions
at two closed mineral processing sites near Lynn Lake, Manitoba. Agrium acquired Viridian in 1996.


One site, known as the Fox Mine, operated from 1969 until 1985. It is currently being managed
under an operating license with the Manitoba Government. This license requires treatment of acid
mine drainage to meet downstream water quality standards. In 2008-2009, Viridian rebuilt its water
treatment plant, providing for additional treatment capacity and control to ensure continued
conformance with license requirements. In addition to annual operating costs of between
$0.5-million and $1-million, Viridian also continues to investigate permanent long-term closure
options for the site.


The other site, known as the East Tailings Management Area, which was operated from the 1950’s to
the 1970’s, is being investigated and remediated under a cooperative agreement with the Manitoba
Government. In 2009, Viridian extended its partnership with the Manitoba Government to include
consulting services at the contiguous mine and mill site. This partnership will allow for the
cost-effective completion of the respective site investigations and the integration of remedial
activities at the two sites by 2012.


Agrium does not believe the total costs of remediation of these sites in Idaho or Manitoba to be
material.



Climate change and greenhouse gas issues


Directly and indirectly, Agrium generates a significant amount of greenhouse gases (“GHG”)
through the production, distribution and use of its products. These emissions may be subject to
climate change policy and regulations being developed in North America. However, these policies are
developing in a unique way within the various state, provincial and federal jurisdictions.


In the Province of Alberta, legislation has been enacted that impacts facilities emitting greater
than 100,000 tonnes of CO2e per year. Existing facilities that exceed this threshold
are required to decrease their emissions intensity by 12 percent relative to the 2003-2005 average
baseline. This requirement was implemented for non-process CO2e emissions beginning the
second half of 2007, and applied annually thereafter. If a company is unable to decrease its
emissions intensity through increases in operational efficiency, it is still able to comply with
the Alberta requirements by contributing to the Climate Change Emissions Management Fund at a cost
of $15 per tonne, or by purchasing qualifying offsets from other sources in Alberta.


Agrium has three facilities in Alberta with CO2e emissions in excess of 100,000 tonnes
per year. Those facilities are Redwater Fertilizer Operations, (total typical emissions of
approximately 750,000 tonnes (excluding NH3-1 unit)); Carseland Nitrogen Operations, (total typical
emissions of approximately 550,000 tonnes); and, Fort Saskatchewan Nitrogen Operations (total
typical emissions of approximately 550,000 tonnes). The annual impact of this legislation on Agrium
is expected to range between $1-million to $3-million a year going forward based on current
regulations depending on variations in production from year to year which will directly impact
CO2e.

90      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 




 










Prior to the meeting of world leaders in Copenhagen, Denmark in December of 2009, the Canadian
federal government stated that it intended to publish policies in respect of an aggregated
reduction target of 20 percent below 2006 emission levels and to work with the U.S. on a North
American cap and trade system. Subsequent to the Copenhagen meeting, the Canadian federal
government has indicated its intention to comply with a reduction target of 17 percent below 2005
emission levels. However, no specifics surrounding how the reduction target will be achieved have
been published.


Subsequent to the Copenhagen meeting, the Canadian federal government has also indicated that it
intends to align itself and its policies with U.S. regulatory requirements. In general, the options
being considered by U.S. regulators currently lack sufficient detail to assess their potential
financial impact. However, Agrium is continuing to monitor U.S. GHG regulatory developments, and is
evaluating applicability and potential impacts of such programs as they become effective, including
the California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, and the EPA’s October 2009 Final Rule for
Mandatory Reporting of Greenhouse Gases.


In addition to state and regional reduction schemes (such as AB 32 in California or the Western
Climate Initiative), the U.S. Government could further regulate GHG emissions in several ways
(including via cap-and-trade policies, which are currently included in pending Congressional
legislation). Political uncertainty may increase during 2010 with the pending fall U.S.
congressional elections, increasing the uncertainty regarding passage and implementation of a
comprehensive U.S. federal climate bill during 2010. As a result, it is possible that a simpler
carbon tax could be implemented by the U.S. congress, or that the executive branch of the U.S.
federal government, through the existing powers of the EPA, could exercise existing authority
under the CAA.


In order to exercise existing authority under the CAA, the EPA administrator must find that GHG
emissions are air pollutants that endanger public health or welfare. On December 7, 2009, the EPA
administrator finalized and announced such an endangerment finding thereby bringing regulation of
GHG emissions within the framework of the CAA and allowing the EPA to proceed to regulate
emissions from various sources of GHGs. While the executive branch of the U.S. federal government
has stated a preference that the U.S. congress address climate change through legislative action,
as a result of the December 7, 2009 endangerment finding, in lieu of waiting for new legislation
the EPA has implemented a new greenhouse gas emissions reporting requirement at the beginning of
2010.


The mitigating factors and strategies we have adopted to address GHG emissions include:







     
    
     
    We track our annual air emissions and have proactively undertaken projects designed to
improve plant energy efficiencies and reduce emissions; and,



     

     
    
     
    We have taken, and will continue to take, a leadership role in the fertilizer industry’s
negotiations with governments on fair and equitable air emission reduction targets and a
pragmatic and realistic compliance system that preserves the global competitiveness of the
industry.




In an effort to reduce CO2e emissions, Agrium has developed strategies to improve
energy efficiencies in our operations, capture and store carbon and reduce emissions in
agriculture. Agrium participates in industry efforts to inform government policy development.
Agrium also has a cogeneration project at its Carseland facility in partnership with TransCanada
Pipelines that has improved energy use efficiency at this facility.


About 60 percent of the natural gas required to produce nitrogen fertilizer is used to provide the
necessary hydrogen for the process. Given current economically viable
technologies, the CO2
emissions related to this process cannot be reduced. Use of the remaining natural gas may be
managed to increase energy efficiency and reduce
CO2 emissions. Significant early action has been
implemented by the Company to achieve these improvements. Independent government sponsored studies
estimate for the Canadian industry that a further 3 to 5 percent reduction in combustion emission
intensity may be attainable but will be a challenging target.


Agrium is pursuing opportunities to capture CO2 from our nitrogen operations for
enhanced oil recovery, industrial use or underground storage. At its Borger, Texas operation,
approximately 230,000 tonnes of CO2 were captured in 2006 and 2007 for enhanced oil
recovery. In 2007, Agrium signed an agreement to capture significant CO2 emissions from
our Redwater, Alberta facility for enhanced oil recovery. This project is scheduled to become
operational in late 2012 or 2013.



91      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 



 





Controls and procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that
information required to be disclosed by us in our annual filings,
interim filings (as these terms are
defined in Multilateral Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim
Filings) and other reports filed or submitted by us under provincial and territorial securities
legislation are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods. Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by the annual filings, being
December 31, 2009, have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by Agrium
in reports that it files or submits is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods as required, and (ii) accumulated and made known to management, including the CEO and
CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and, as indicated in the preceding paragraph, the CEO and CFO believe that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level, although the
CEO and CFO do not expect that the disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and
fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.


Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we
conducted an evaluation of the design and effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this report based on the framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that as of December 31, 2009,
we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting.


The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 was audited
by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is
included in this 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders.


During 2008, we completed our acquisition of UAP. We successfully maintained an effective control
environment for 2008 by maintaining both UAP’s pre-existing control environment as well as
Retail’s control environment. During 2009, we successfully completed the integration of UAP’s
control environment into the overall Retail control environment.


Apart from the integration of UAP’s control environment into the overall Retail control
environment, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during
both 2009 and the most recent interim period that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

92      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 






Forward-looking statements


Certain statements and other information included in this MD&A constitute “forward-looking
information” and “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws,
including the “safe harbour” provisions of provincial securities legislation and the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 21E of the United States Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the words “believe”, “expect”,
“anticipate”, “intend”, “estimate”, “outlook”, “focus”, “potential”, “will”, “should”, “would”,
“could” and other similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements as it is subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may
cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Except as required by law, Agrium disclaims any intention or obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events, except as
required by law.


The following table outlines forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A and provides the key
assumptions and risk factors.






     
     
     
     
     


    Forward-looking statements
     
    Key assumptions
     
    Most relevant risk factors





    Synergies to be
achieved on the UAP
acquisition 1
     
       Retail business conditions are assumed to be within
normal parameters with respect to prices, margins,
product availability, and supplier agreements for our
major products.


     
     
     
     
     


    Synergies to be
achieved on the
proposed CF acquisition
2
     
       CF’s acceptance of Agrium’s proposal and the entering
into of a definitive agreement to effect the proposed
transaction.


     
     
     
     
     


     
     
       Closing the proposed transaction.


     
     
     
     
     


     
     
       Agrium’s ability to successfully integrate within
expected time frames and costs.


     
     
     
     
     


    Construction of MOPCO’s
additional urea trains
     
       The two new plants will
be constructed as
planned.
     
       Urea prices fall below
where the plants are
economical.


     
     
     
     
       Egypt political risk
including approval of
required permits.


     
     
     
     
     


    Brownfield expansion at our Vanscoy, Saskatchewan potash mine,
including estimated capacity increase
     
       The expansion will
proceed as planned.
     
       Potash prices fall to a
point where the
expansion is
uneconomic/base
business profitability
falls such that we
cannot fund the cost of
the expansion from
operating cash flow.


     
     
     
     
     


    Carbon capture and
storage project
progressing as planned
     
       Design completed by end
of 2010.
     
       Carbon capture and
storage funding not
received from Alberta
Government.


     
     
       Startup by end of 2012.
     
     


     
     
     
     
       Upgrader projects
(specifically NorthWest
Upgrader) cancelled or
delayed.


     
     
     
     
       Issues with
Engineering/Procurement
or
Construction of
facility or the
pipeline.





93      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 






     
     
     
     
     


    Forward-looking statements
     
    Key assumptions
     
    Most relevant risk factors





    Ability to sustain projected
potash production with
existing reserves

     
       Potash reserves are
accessible and of
sufficient quality
to provide the
required ore for
long-term
production.

     
       Potash – flooding
and/or poor ground
conditions limit
access to major
sections of the ore
body or results in
poor ore quality.


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
       Crop prices remain
at current levels.

     
       Major drop in
grower demand or
fertilizer prices
drop from current
levels.


     
     
     
     
     


    Purchase for resale business
returning to more normal
profit level in 2010

     
       The high priced
inventories from
2008 have been
worked through and
a return to normal
purchasing
practices by our
customers on a
global basis.

     
       Major drop in
grower demand or
fertilizer prices
decline for an
extended period of
time from current
levels.


     
     
     
     
     


    AAT’s construction of a new
ESN facility at New Madrid, MO
and ability to expand the
facility’s capacity

     
       AAT will be able to
purchase urea at or
below NOLA prices.

     
       Introduction of new
technology into the
market.


     

     
       Location in the
Corn Belt will
provide logistical
benefits.

     
       Impact of weather
conditions on
demand.


     

     
       The increased
yields and
environmental
benefits of ESN
will justify
premium purchase
price over other
nitrogen sources.

     
       Managing the
commodity cycle of
urea.


     
     
     
     
     


    2010 capital spending program 3
     
       We believe we will have sufficient financial
resources to fund our expected capital
program.


     
     
     
     
     


     
     
       The level of sustaining and investment
capital may vary significantly depending on
corporate priorities as the year progresses
and based on changes in the rate of inflation
or engineering costs.


     
     
     
     
     


    Ability to finance announced
projects

     
       We will be able to
utilize our
available credit
facilities or
access capital
markets for
additional sources
of financing.

     
       There can be no
assurance that we
will be able to
utilize our credit
facilities or
access capital
markets.






 




    1.
     
    The purpose of this particular financial outlook is to communicate our current expectation of
the impact that the UAP acquisition may have on future results of operations. Readers are
cautioned that it may not be appropriate for other purposes.



     

    2.
     
    The purpose of this particular financial outlook is to communicate our current expectation of
the impact that the proposed CF acquisition may have on future results of operations. Readers
are cautioned that it may not be appropriate for other purposes.



     

    3.
     
    The purpose of this particular financial outlook is to assist readers in assessing our
liquidity and capital resources. Readers are cautioned that it may not be appropriate for
other purposes.




The key assumptions made in connection with these forward-looking statements include the following:




    
    
    


       
     
    Grain and nutrient benchmark prices in 2010 are expected to remain above historic levels, with
significantly less price volatility in 2010 than in 2009;







    
    
    


       
     
    Crop nutrient, crop protection and seed markets are expected to return to more normal volumes
in 2010 compared to 2009, and price volatility for the major retail crop input products is also
expected to return to a more normal range in 2010; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    High operating rates are expected for the majority of our facilities in 2010, with the
exception of routinely scheduled turnarounds at several plants.




94      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


Additional risks and uncertainties that may affect all forward-looking information are discussed
throughout the MD&A and in our Annual Information Form. These risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to, the following:






    
    
    


       
     
    General economic, market, business and weather conditions, including global agricultural
supply/demand factors and crop price levels; global and regional supply/demand factors impacting
the crop input application season and the price of crop nutrients and raw materials/feedstock;
availability of credit; and access to capital markets;







    
    
    


       
     
    Changes in government policies and legislation regarding agriculture, safety, environment,
greenhouse gas and others, including potential imposition of changes to price controls on crop
nutrients in certain markets;







    
    
    


       
     
    Actions by competitors and others that include changes to industry capacity, utilization rates
and product pricing; performance by customers, suppliers and counterparties to financial
instruments; potential for expansion plans to be delayed; and ability to transport or deliver
production to markets;







    
    
    


       
     
    Changes in margins and/or levels of supplier rebates for major crop inputs such as crop
protection products, nutrients and seed, as well as crop input prices declining below cost in
inventory between the time of purchase and sales;







    
    
    


       
     
    General operating risks associated with investment in foreign jurisdictions; the level and
effectiveness of future capital expenditures; reliability of performance of existing capital
assets; changes in capital markets and availability of credit; and fluctuations in foreign exchange
and tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate;







    
    
    


       
     
    Future operating rates, production costs and sustaining capital of our facilities; unexpected
costs from present and discontinued mining operations and/or labor disruptions; changes to timing,
construction cost and performance of other parties; and political risks associated with our
interest in MOPCO, Argentine Profertil nitrogen facilities, and South American retail operations;







    
    
    


       
     
    Strategic risks including our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and our
risk mitigation strategies, including hedging and insurance; our ability to close pending and
proposed acquisitions as anticipated and to integrate and achieve synergies from any assets we may
acquire within the time or performance expected of those assets; technological changes; and other
factors; and,







    
    
    


       
     
    Risks associated with our proposed acquisition of CF or any other proposed or completed
business acquisitions, include the inability to successfully integrate the acquisition or if such
integration proves more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected. Other risks of the
proposed CF acquisition include CF’s failure to accept Agrium’s proposal and enter into a
definitive agreement to effect the transaction; the failure of CF stockholders to elect Agrium’s
nominees as directors of CF at its 2010 annual stockholder meeting; that the costs of integration
in the event that the acquisition is completed are higher than expected; the increased indebtedness
that we would incur or assume as a result of the acquisition; the risks associated with our
inability to obtain access to CF’s non-public information and the cooperation of CF management; the
possibility that the expected combination benefits and synergies and costs savings from the
Agrium/CF transaction may not be fully realized or realized within the expected time frame, which
could be impacted by future levels of crop nutrient prices and volumes as well as raw material
cost; and the potential for disruption from the proposed transaction to make it more difficult to
maintain relationships with customers, employees and suppliers.




95      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


Financial statements and notes

Financial Reporting Responsibilities

The audited consolidated financial statements and all information contained in this annual report
are the responsibility of management, and the audited consolidated financial statements are
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared by management and are presented fairly in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in Canada and reflect management’s best estimates and judgments based on currently
available information. The Company has established an internal audit program and accounting and
reporting systems supported by internal controls designed to safeguard assets from loss or
unauthorized use and ensure the accuracy of the financial records. The financial information
presented throughout this annual report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements.
KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has been appointed by the shareholders
as external auditors of the Company. The Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
to the Shareholders and Board, which describe the scope of their examination and express their
opinion, are included in this annual report.

The Audit Committee of the Board, whose members are independent of management, meets at least five
times a year with management, the internal auditors and the external auditors to oversee the
discharge of the responsibilities of the respective parties. The Audit Committee reviews the
independence of the external auditors, pre-approves audit and permitted non-audit services and
reviews the consolidated financial statements and other financial disclosure documents before they
are presented to the Board for approval.

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the design and effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this
report based on the framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control–Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that as of December 31, 2009 the Company did maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting.

The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 was audited
by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is
included in this 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders.





     
     
     




    
     
    


    Michael M. Wilson
     
    Bruce G. Waterman


     
     
     


    President & Chief Executive Officer

     
    Senior Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer


    Calgary, Canada
     
     


    February 25, 2010
     
     





96      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 




 



Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Agrium Inc.


We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Agrium Inc. (“the Company”) as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 and the consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, and comprehensive income
and shareholders’ equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2009.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.

In our opinion, these consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the
results their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2009 in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2009, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated
February 25, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.


Chartered Accountants

Calgary, Canada
February 25, 2010

97      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Agrium Inc.

We have audited Agrium Inc.’s (“the Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2009, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
included in the accompanying Management Report. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO).

We have also conducted our audits on the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of
December 31, 2009 and 2008 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2009 in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our report dated February 25, 2010
expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.


Chartered Accountants

Calgary, Canada
February 25, 2010

98      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 



Consolidated statements of operations






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Years ended December 31
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Sales
     
     
    9,328
     
     
     
    10,268
     
     
     
    5,491
     


    Direct freight
     
     
    199
     
     
     
    237
     
     
     
    221
     


     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    5,270
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    7,123
     
     
     
    6,592
     
     
     
    3,672
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    216
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    1,943
     
     
     
    3,223
     
     
     
    1,598
     


    Expenses
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Selling
     
     
    918
     
     
     
    815
     
     
     
    471
     


    General and administrative
     
     
    202
     
     
     
    192
     
     
     
    125
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    124
     
     
     
    110
     
     
     
    173
     


    Potash profit and capital tax
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    162
     
     
     
    28
     


    Earnings
from equity investees (note 13)
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Asset
impairment (note 13)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other
expenses (income) (note 4)
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    (125
    )
     
     
    89
     


     
     
     


    Earnings before interest, income taxes and
non-controlling interests
     
     
    580
     
     
     
    1,986
     
     
     
    712
     


    Interest on long-term debt
     
     
    91
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    52
     


    Other interest
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    18
     


     
     
     


    Earnings before income taxes and non-controlling interests
     
     
    470
     
     
     
    1,881
     
     
     
    642
     


    Income taxes
(note 5)
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    589
     
     
     
    204
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    (3
    )


     
     
     


    Net earnings
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    441
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Earnings
per share (note 6)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


    Basic
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    8.39
     
     
     
    3.28
     


    Diluted
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    8.34
     
     
     
    3.25
     


     





See accompanying notes.

99      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 



 



Consolidated statements of cash flows






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Years ended December 31
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Operating
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net earnings
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    441
     


    Items not affecting cash
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    216
     
     
     
    —
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    242
     
     
     
    218
     
     
     
    173
     


    Earnings
from equity investees (note 13)
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Asset
impairment (note 13)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    —
     


    Stock-based compensation
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    113
     


    Unrealized (gain) loss on derivative financial instruments
     
     
    (39
    )
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    6
     


    Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain)
     
     
    62
     
     
     
    (6
    )
     
     
    (50
    )


    Future income taxes
     
     
    (309
    )
     
     
    363
     
     
     
    119
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    (3
    )


    Other
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    (77
    )
     
     
    47
     


    Net changes
in non-cash working capital (note 7)
     
     
    950
     
     
     
    (1,097
    )
     
     
    (352
    )


     
     
     


    Cash provided by operating activities
     
     
    1,404
     
     
     
    1,044
     
     
     
    494
     


     
     
     


    Investing
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
     
     
    (15
    )
     
     
    (2,740
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Capital expenditures
     
     
    (313
    )
     
     
    (506
    )
     
     
    (454
    )


    Proceeds
from disposal of property, plant and equipment, and investments
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    17
     


    Investment in equity investee
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (63
    )


    Purchase of
marketable securities (note 3)
     
     
    (65
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other
     
     
    (134
    )
     
     
    (156
    )
     
     
    (61
    )


     
     
     


    Cash used in investing activities
     
     
    (513
    )
     
     
    (3,375
    )
     
     
    (561
    )


     
     
     


    Financing
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Bank indebtedness
     
     
    (381
    )
     
     
    261
     
     
     
    (61
    )


    Long-term debt issued
     
     
    78
     
     
     
    1,620
     
     
     
    132
     


    Transaction costs on long-term debt
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (12
    )
     
     
    (13
    )


    Repayment of long-term debt
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (795
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Contributions from non-controlling interests
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    171
     
     
     
    86
     


    Dividends paid
     
     
    (17
    )
     
     
    (18
    )
     
     
    (15
    )


    Shares issued, net of issuance costs
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    1,337
     


    Shares repurchased
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (35
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Other
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     


     
     
     


    Cash (used in) provided by financing activities
     
     
    (315
    )
     
     
    1,196
     
     
     
    1,467
     


     
     
     


    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
     
     
    576
     
     
     
    (1,135
    )
     
     
    1,400
     


    Cash and cash equivalents — beginning of year
     
     
    374
     
     
     
    1,509
     
     
     
    109
     


    Deconsolidation of Egypt subsidiary (note 13)
     
     
    (17
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Cash and cash equivalents — end of year
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    374
     
     
     
    1,509
     


     
     
     




See accompanying notes.

100      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 



 



Consolidated balance sheets






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    As at December 31
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars, except share data)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Current assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Cash and
cash equivalents (note 7)
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    374
     


    Accounts
receivable (note 8)
     
     
    1,324
     
     
     
    1,242
     


    Inventories
(note 9)
     
     
    2,137
     
     
     
    3,047
     


    Prepaid expenses and deposits
     
     
    612
     
     
     
    475
     


    Marketable securities
     
     
    114
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    5,120
     
     
     
    5,138
     


    Property,
plant and equipment (note 10)
     
     
    1,782
     
     
     
    2,036
     



Intangibles (note 11)
     
     
    617
     
     
     
    653
     


    Goodwill
(note 12)
     
     
    1,801
     
     
     
    1,783
     


    Investment in equity investees (note 13)
     
     
    370
     
     
     
    71
     


    Other
assets(note 14)
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    156
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,837
     


     
     
     


    Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Current liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Bank
indebtedness (note 15)
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    610
     


    Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities (note 16)
     
     
    2,475
     
     
     
    2,200
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    2,581
     
     
     
    2,810
     


    Long-term
debt (note 15)
     
     
    1,699
     
     
     
    1,622
     


    Other
liabilities (note 17)
     
     
    381
     
     
     
    328
     


    Future
income tax liabilities (note 5)
     
     
    521
     
     
     
    725
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    242
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    5,193
     
     
     
    5,727
     


     
     
     


    Commitments, guarantees and
contingencies (notes 23, 24 and 25)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Shareholders’ equity
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Share capital
     
     
    1,969
     
     
     
    1,961
     


    Contributed surplus
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    1,977
     
     
     
    1,969
     


     
     
     


    Retained earnings
     
     
    2,662
     
     
     
    2,313
     


    Accumulated
other comprehensive income (note 21)
     
     
    (47
    )
     
     
    (172
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    2,615
     
     
     
    2,141
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    4,592
     
     
     
    4,110
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,837
     


     





See accompanying notes.

Approved
on behalf of the Board:





     
     
     




    
     
    


    Michael M. Wilson
     
    Victor J. Zaleschuk


     
     
     


    Director

     
    Director





101      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 



 



Consolidated statements of comprehensive income and shareholders’ equity






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Accumulated
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Millions
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    other
     
     
    Total
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars,
     
    of common
     
     
    Share
     
     
    Contributed
     
     
    Retained
     
     
    comprehensive
     
     
    shareholders’
     


    except share data)
     
    shares(a)
     
     
    capital
     
     
    surplus
     
     
    earnings
     
     
    income (note 21)
     
     
    equity
     





     


    December 31, 2006
     
     
    133
     
     
     
    617
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    602
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    1,233
     


     


    Net earnings
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    441
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    441
     


    Cash flow hedges (b)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (3
    )
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    17
     


    Foreign currency translation
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    55
     


     


    Comprehensive income
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    513
     


     


    Dividends
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (16
    )
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (16
    )


    Shares issued
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    1,338
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1,338
     


    Stock options exercised and granted
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    20
     


     


    December 31, 2007
     
     
    158
     
     
     
    1,972
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    1,024
     
     
     
    84
     
     
     
    3,088
     


    Transition adjustment (c)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    4
     


     


     
     
     
    158
     
     
     
    1,972
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    1,028
     
     
     
    84
     
     
     
    3,092
     


    Net earnings
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1,322
     


    Cash flow hedges (d)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (14
    )
     
     
    (14
    )


    Foreign currency translation
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (242
    )
     
     
    (242
    )


     


    Comprehensive income
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1,066
     


     


    Dividends
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (17
    )
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (17
    )


    Shares repurchased
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (15
    )
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (20
    )
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (35
    )


    Stock options exercised
     
     
     
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    4
     


     


    December 31, 2008
     
     
    157
     
     
     
    1,961
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    2,313
     
     
     
    (172
    )
     
     
    4,110
     


     


    Net earnings
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    366
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    366
     


    Cash flow hedges (e)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    (4
    )


    Available for sale financial
instruments (f)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    29
     


    Foreign currency translation
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    100
     
     
     
    100
     


     


    Comprehensive income
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    491
     


     


    Dividends
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (17
    )
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (17
    )


    Stock options exercised
     
     
     
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    8
     


     


    December 31, 2009
     
     
    157
     
     
     
    1,969
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    2,662
     
     
     
    (47
    )
     
     
    4,592
     


     








    
    
    


    (a)
     
    The Company’s authorized share capital consists of unlimited common shares.


 


    (b)
     
    Net of tax of $5-million and non-controlling interests of $7-million.


 


    (c)
     
    Adjustment at January 1, 2008 for adoption of accounting standards for inventory. Net of tax
of $1-million.


 


    (d)
     
    Net of tax of $2-million and non-controlling interest of $7-million.


 


    (e)
     
    Net of tax of $2-million.


 


    (f)
     
    Net of tax of $19-million.




See accompanying notes.

102      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 



 






Notes to the consolidated Financial Statements


(amounts in millions of U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated)



1. Description of Business


Agrium Inc. (with its subsidiaries, collectively, the “Company” or “Agrium”) is a leading global
producer and marketer of agricultural products. Agrium operates three strategic business units:







     
    
     
    Retail operates in North and South America and sells crop nutrients, crop protection
products, seed and services directly to growers;



     

     
    
     
    Wholesale operates in North and South America and Europe producing, marketing and
distributing three primary groups of nutrients: nitrogen, potash and phosphate for
agricultural and industrial customers around the world; and,



     

     
    
     
    Advanced Technologies produces and markets controlled-release crop nutrients and
micronutrients in the broad-based agriculture, specialty agriculture, professional turf,
horticulture, and consumer lawn and garden markets worldwide.





2. Significant Accounting Policies


Principles of consolidation and preparation of financial statements


The consolidated financial statements of Agrium are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in Canada (Canadian GAAP). Amounts are stated in U.S. dollars unless
otherwise indicated. Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current
year’s presentation. The Company has evaluated subsequent events to March 8, 2010, the date the
consolidated financial statements were issued.


The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of Agrium Inc., its
subsidiaries, and its proportionate share of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities of joint
ventures. Investments in companies where the Company has the ability to exercise significant
influence but not control are accounted for using the equity method. All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated.


The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. Estimates are used
when accounting for items such as collectibility of receivables, rebates, net realizable value of
inventory, estimated useful lives and impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill impairment testing,
allocation of acquisition purchase prices, asset retirement obligations, environmental remediation,
employee future benefits, stock-based compensation, income taxes, fair value of financial assets
and liabilities and amounts and likelihood of contingencies. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.


Foreign currency translation


The Company’s Canadian and European operations are considered self-sustaining and are translated
from Canadian dollars and Euros into U.S. dollars using the current rate method. Foreign currency
transactions in the Company’s operations with U.S. dollar functional currency are translated into
U.S. dollars using the temporal method.

103      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





Financial instruments


All financial assets and liabilities are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently
measured at each period-end by the Company as follows:






     
     
     
     
     


    Financial instrument
     
     
     
    Subsequent measurement


    classification
     
    As classified by Agrium
     
    of gains or losses





     


    Assets or liabilities held 
for trading

     
    Cash and cash equivalents,
marketable securities and derivatives
that are not cash flow hedges

     
    Fair value; unrealized gains or losses
recognized in net earnings


     
     
     
     
     


    Available for sale financial
assets and liabilities

     
    Marketable securities, other assets — long-term investments; derivatives  that are cash flow hedges
     
    Fair value; unrealized gains and losses
recognized in OCI; recognized in net
earnings in the same period that the
hedged item impacts net earnings, on
sale of the asset or when the asset is
written down as impaired


     
     
     
     
     


    Held to maturity investments

     
    None
     
     


     
     
     
     
     


    Loans and receivables

     
    Accounts receivable

     
    Amoritized cost using the effective interest rate method; recognized in net
earnings, if asset/liability is
derecognized or asset is impaired


     
     
     
     
     


    Other financial liabilities

     
    Bank indebtedness,
accounts payable, long-term debt
     
     





Where commodity derivative contracts under master netting arrangements include both asset and
liability positions, the Company offsets the fair value amounts recognized for multiple similar
derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty, including any related cash collateral
asset or obligation.


Transaction costs of financial instruments are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the
instruments.


Fair values


Fair value represents the price at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in an orderly
market, in an arm’s length transaction between knowledgeable and willing parties who are under no
compulsion to act. Independent quoted market prices in active markets, if they exist, are the best
evidence of fair value. In the absence of an active market, the Company estimates fair value using
valuation techniques such as option pricing models and discounted cash flow analysis, making
maximum use of market-based inputs including gas and power prices, interest rates, and foreign
exchange rates, and makes assumptions about the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows.
Fair value estimates are made at a point in time and may not be reflective of future fair values.
Non-performance risk, including the Company’s own credit risk for financial liabilities, is
considered when determining the fair value of financial assets or liabilities, including
derivative liabilities.


Revenue recognition


Revenue is recognized based on individual contractual terms as title and risk of loss to the
product transfers to the customer and all of the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, selling price is fixed
or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is net of freight incurred to move
the product to the customer’s location.


All taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from
revenues.


Rebates


The Company enters into agreements with suppliers, primarily for crop protection products and
seed. Rebate agreements provide for vendor rebates typically based on the achievement of specified
purchase volumes, sales to end users over a specified period of time, or when market conditions
cause vendors to reduce manufacturers’ suggested retail prices. The Company accounts for rebates
and prepay discounts as a reduction of the prices of suppliers’ products. Rebates that are

104      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





probable and can be reasonably estimated are accrued based on total estimated performance in a
crop year (generally October to September). Rebates that are not probable or estimable are accrued
when certain milestones are achieved. Rebates not covered by binding agreements or published
vendor programs are accrued when conclusive documentation of right of receipt is obtained.


Rebates based on the amount of materials purchased reduce cost of product sold as inventory is
sold. Rebates that are based on sales volume are offset to cost of product sold when management
determines they have been earned based on sales volume of related products.


Income taxes


Future income taxes are recognized for differences between the carrying values of assets and
liabilities and their income tax bases. Future income tax assets and liabilities are measured
using substantively enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in
which temporary differences are expected to be reversed or settled. The effect on future income
tax assets and liabilities of a change in rates is included in the period during which the change
is considered substantively enacted. Future income tax assets are recorded in the financial
statements if realization is considered more likely than not.


Cash and cash equivalents


Cash equivalents are carried at fair value, and consist primarily of short-term investments with
an original maturity of three months or less.


Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts

Management evaluates collectibility of customer receivables depending on the customer and the
nature of the sale. Collectibility of receivables is reviewed and the allowance for doubtful
accounts is adjusted quarterly. Account balances are charged to net earnings when management
determines that it is probable that the receivable will not be collected. Interest accrues on all
trade receivables from the due date, which may vary with certain geographic or seasonal programs.


Inventories


Wholesale inventories, consisting primarily of crop nutrients, operating supplies and raw
materials, include both direct and indirect production and purchase costs, depreciation on assets
employed directly in production, and freight to transport the product to the storage facilities.
Crop nutrients include the Company’s produced products and products purchased for resale. Operating
supplies include catalysts used in the production process, materials used for repairs and
maintenance and other supplies. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost determined on a
weighted-average basis and net realizable value.


Retail inventories consist primarily of crop nutrients, crop protection products and seed.
Inventoried cost includes the cost of the product and transportation of the product to selling
locations. Inventories are recorded at the lower of purchased cost on a weighted moving average
cost basis and net realizable value.


Advanced Technologies inventories, consisting primarily of raw materials and controlled-release
products, include both direct and indirect production costs and depreciation on assets employed
directly in production. Inventories are recorded at the lower of cost determined on a first-in,
first-out basis and net realizable value.


Property, plant and equipment


Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost and include the cost of replacements, interest
capitalized during construction, and betterments, including planned major maintenance that
increases or prolongs the service life or capacity of an asset. Depreciation is calculated using
the straight-line method based on the estimated useful life of the assets.


Intangibles

Intangibles with determinable lives are amortized using the straight-line method based on the
estimated useful lives of the assets. When there is a change in the estimated useful life of a
finite-lived intangible asset, amortization is adjusted prospectively. Intangibles with indefinite
lives are not amortized; instead they are tested for impairment in the third quarter of each year,
or if events have occurred that indicate possible impairment.

105      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





Impairment of long-lived assets


Management reviews long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment
in the carrying value or estimated useful life of the asset. If impairment has occurred, the
excess of the carrying value over fair value is expensed. When there is a change in the estimated
useful life of a long-lived asset, depreciation or amortization is adjusted prospectively.


Goodwill


Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets
upon acquisition of a business. Goodwill is allocated as of the date of the business combination
to the reporting units that are expected to benefit from the business combination. Goodwill is not
amortized. Goodwill is assessed for impairment on an annual basis during the third quarter, or
more often if events or circumstances warrant. In testing for impairment of goodwill, if the
carrying value of a reporting unit to which goodwill has been assigned exceeds its fair value, any
excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit’s goodwill over its fair value is expensed as
an impairment loss.


Environmental remediation


Environmental expenditures that relate to existing conditions caused by past operations that do
not contribute to current or future revenue generation are expensed. Environmental expenditures
that extend the life of the property, increase its capacity or mitigate or prevent contamination
from future operations are capitalized. Costs are recorded when environmental remediation efforts
are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated based on current law and existing
technologies. Estimated costs are based on management’s best estimate of undiscounted future
costs.


Asset retirement obligations


The Company recognizes asset retirement obligations when they become a legal obligation, using a
reasonable estimate of fair value. Fair value is determined using cash flows discounted at the
Company’s credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. Obligations are adjusted to present value in
subsequent periods through other expenses. Associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as
part of the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and depreciated over the asset’s
estimated useful life.


Stock-based compensation


The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation plans that settle through the issuance of
equity using a fair value-based method, whereby the fair value of the stock-based award is
determined at the date of grant using a market-based option valuation model. The fair value of the
award is recorded as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the
award, with a corresponding increase to contributed surplus. On exercise of the award, the proceeds
together with the amount recorded in contributed surplus are recorded as share capital.


Stock-based plans that are likely to settle in cash are accounted for as liabilities at the
intrinsic value, calculated as the difference between the market value of the underlying stock and
the exercise price of the award. Compensation expense is accrued, on a straight-line basis, over
the vesting period of the award. Fluctuations in the market value of the underlying stock
subsequent to the date of grant, determined based on the closing price of the stock on the last
day of each reporting period, and changes in other vesting assumptions will result in a change to
the related liability and accrued compensation expense, which is recognized in the period in which
the fluctuation occurs.


If an employee is eligible to retire during the vesting period, the Company recognizes
compensation expense over the period from the date of grant to the retirement eligibility date on
a straight-line basis. If an employee is eligible to retire on the date of grant, compensation
expense is recognized on the grant date.


Employee future benefits


The Company maintains contributory and non-contributory defined benefit and defined contribution
pension plans in Canada and the United States. The majority of employees are members of defined
contribution pension plans. The Company also maintains health care plans and life insurance
benefits for retired employees. Benefits from defined benefit plans are based on either a
percentage of final average earnings and years of service or a flat dollar amount for each year of
service. Pension plan and post-retirement benefit costs are determined annually by independent
actuaries and include current service costs, interest cost of projected benefits, return on plan
assets and amortization of actuarial gains or losses.

106      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 



Employee future benefits are funded by the Company and obligations are determined using the
projected benefit method of actuarial valuation prorated over the expected length of employee
service. Employee future benefit costs for current service are charged to earnings in the year
incurred. Past service costs, the effects of changes in plan assumptions, and the excess of the
net accumulated actuarial gain or loss over 10 percent of the greater of the benefit obligation
and the fair value of plan assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected average
remaining service life of the relevant employee group. Contributions by the Company to defined
contribution employee future benefit plans are expensed as incurred.


Hedge accounting


Hedge accounting may be used when, at inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis: 1) a
derivative financial instrument (“derivative”) is designated and documented as a hedge; and, 2)
the hedging relationship is expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in
fair value and cash flows attributable to the hedged risk during the period that the hedge is
designated.


Changes in fair value of a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes are
reported in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and reclassified to net earnings when the related
hedged transaction is recognized and in the same financial statement category as the corresponding
hedged transaction. Derivatives that have not been designated or do not qualify as part of a
hedging relationship are accounted for as assets or liabilities held for trading at fair value,
with unrealized gains or losses recognized in net earnings in the same period.

If effectiveness ceases or a hedge is de-designated, the Company discontinues hedge accounting,
and any subsequent change in the fair value of the derivative is reported in other expenses in the
period the change occurs. If a hedged anticipated transaction is no longer probable to occur,
related amounts previously recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified to
other expenses.

Significant accounting standard and policy changes





     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Date and method
     
     


    Description
     
    of adoption
     
    Impact





     


    Goodwill and Intangible Assets establishes guidance for
the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure
of intangible assets, including guidance that pre-production
and start-up costs be expensed as incurred. Goodwill standards
are carried forward unchanged.

     
    January 1, 2009;
prospective

     
    No material impact
on earnings or
financial position.


     
     
     
     
     


    Financial Instruments — Disclosures —
Amends previously issued guidance to include additional
disclosure requirements about fair value measurements of
financial instruments and liquidity risk.

     
    December 31, 2009

     
    Additional disclosures.


     
     
     
     
     


    Credit Risk and the Fair Value of Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities confirms that an entity’s own
credit risk and the credit risk of a counterparty should be taken
into consideration in determining the fair value of financial
assets
and liabilities, including derivative instruments.

     
    January 1, 2009;
retrospective

     
    No material impact
on earnings or
financial position.





Recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted





     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Date and method
     
     


    Description
     
    of adoption
     
    Impact





     


    International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) —
the Company will adopt IFRS on January 1, 2011. IFRS will
require restatement of comparative figures. Adoption of IFRS
will include changes to business combinations, consolidated
financial statements and non-controlling interests, which
have been previously issued as part of Canadian GAAP.

     
    January 1, 2011
in accordance
with IFRS 1

     
    The Company continues
to review the full impact
of transition and has
identified employee future
benefits, impairment,
provisions, share-based
payments and income taxes
as areas that may be
significantly affected by
the transition.





107      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 






3. Business Acquisitions


CF Industries Holdings, Inc.


On March 16, 2009, Agrium commenced an unsolicited exchange offer for all of the outstanding
shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (“CF”). Agrium has amended the offer several times and is
currently offering aggregate consideration of approximately $2.3-billion cash and 50.3 million
Agrium common shares to acquire CF. The board of directors of CF has rejected Agrium’s amended
offer and refused to engage in negotiations with Agrium with respect to the acquisition.


During February 2009, Agrium acquired 1.2 million shares of CF at an average cost of $52.34 for
total consideration of $65-million. The CF shares are recorded as marketable securities and
classified as available for sale financial instruments with changes to fair value, comprised of an
unrealized gain of $48-million to December 31, 2009, recorded in other comprehensive income. At
December 31, 2009, the fair value of the CF shares was $113-million.


In October 2009, conditional on closing of the acquisition of CF, Agrium entered into an agreement
to sell a 50 percent interest in its Carseland nitrogen facility as well as certain U.S. assets to
Terra Industries Inc. (“Terra”) for approximately $250-million cash. In connection with the
agreement with Terra, Agrium entered into a consent agreement with and received a “no-action”
letter from Canadian Competition Bureau and received early termination of the waiting period under
applicable U.S. antitrust legislation.


UAP Holding Corp.


On May 5, 2008, the Company acquired 100 percent of the outstanding shares of UAP Holding Corp.
(“UAP”), a distributor of a full range of crop protection products, nutrients, seed and services
to growers across North America. Results of operations of UAP from the date of acquisition have
been included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and are reflected in the Retail
business unit.


Goodwill resulting from the acquisition is attributed to the strategic and financial benefits
expected to be realized, including the increased post-acquisition scale of operations, purchasing
and distribution capability, and the assembled workforce.






     
     
     
     
     


    Fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
     
     
     
     





     


    Working capital
     
     
    577
     


    Property, plant and equipment
     
     
    157
     


    Customer relationship intangibles
     
     
    500
     


    Other finite-lived intangibles
     
     
    106
     


    Indefinite-lived intangibles
     
     
    8
     


    Goodwill (not deductible for income tax purposes)
     
     
    1,617
     


    Debt and other liabilities, including future income taxes of $178-million
     
     
    (807
    )


     


     
     
     
    2,158
     


    Debt and other liabilities repaid on closing, net of cash on hand
     
     
    583
     


     


     
     
     
    2,741
     


    Consideration and acquisition costs
     
     
     
     


     


    Cash and debt
     
     
    1,404
     


    Cash proceeds from share offering in December 2007
     
     
    1,322
     


    Transaction costs
     
     
    15
     


     


     
     
     
    2,741
     


     





Common Market Fertilizers S.A.


On July 8, 2008, the Company acquired a 70 percent interest in Common Market Fertilizers S.A.
(“CMF”) for total consideration of $42-million. CMF is a Western European fertilizer distribution
company. Results of operations of CMF from the date of acquisition have been included in the
Company’s consolidated financial statements and are reflected in the Wholesale business unit.

108      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 




4. Other Expenses (Income)






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Stock-based compensation
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    113
     


    Loss on derivative financial instruments
     
     
    84
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    20
     


    Environmental remediation and accretion of
asset retirement obligations
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    5
     


    Interest income
     
     
    (56
    )
     
     
    (57
    )
     
     
    (30
    )


    Foreign exchange loss (gain)
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    (119
    )
     
     
    (41
    )


    Bad debt expense
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    7
     


    Gain on disposal of property, plant and
equipment, and investments
     
     
    (6
    )
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    (4
    )


    Other
     
     
    (12
    )
     
     
    46
     
     
     
    19
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    (125
    )
     
     
    89
     


     






5. Income Taxes






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Major factors that caused variations from the expected combined
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canadian federal and provincial statutory income tax rates
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Earnings before income taxes and non-controlling interests
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canadian
     
     
    262
     
     
     
    1,180
     
     
     
    239
     


    Foreign
     
     
    208
     
     
     
    701
     
     
     
    403
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    470
     
     
     
    1,881
     
     
     
    642
     


    Statutory rate (%)
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    33
     


     
     
     


    Income taxes at statutory rates
     
     
    140
     
     
     
    571
     
     
     
    212
     


    Foreign exchange (losses) gains relating to Canadian operations
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    (36
    )
     
     
    16
     


    Differences in foreign tax rates
     
     
    (59
    )
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    (17
    )


    Canadian tax rate adjustment
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (9
    )


    Change in valuation allowance
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other
     
     
    (7
    )
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    2
     


     
     
     


    Income taxes
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    589
     
     
     
    204
     


     
     
     


    Current
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canadian
     
     
    322
     
     
     
    42
     
     
     
    (5
    )


    Foreign
     
     
    92
     
     
     
    184
     
     
     
    90
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    414
     
     
     
    226
     
     
     
    85
     


     
     
     


    Future
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canadian
     
     
    (230
    )
     
     
    291
     
     
     
    83
     


    Foreign
     
     
    (79
    )
     
     
    72
     
     
     
    36
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    (309
    )
     
     
    363
     
     
     
    119
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    589
     
     
     
    204
     


     





109      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 







     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Significant components of future income tax liabilities and assets
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Future income tax liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Accumulated depreciation and amortization
     
     
    389
     
     
     
    371
     


    Deferred income
     
     
    144
     
     
     
    363
     


    Other
     
     
    160
     
     
     
    157
     


     
     
     


    Total future income tax liabilities
     
     
    693
     
     
     
    891
     


     
     
     


    Future income tax assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Loss carry-forwards expiring through 2029
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    12
     


    Asset retirement obligations and environmental remediation
     
     
    80
     
     
     
    72
     


    Employee future benefits and incentives
     
     
    64
     
     
     
    42
     


    Receivables, inventories and accrued liabilities
     
     
    92
     
     
     
    72
     


    Other
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    19
     


     
     
     


    Future income tax assets before valuation allowance
     
     
    270
     
     
     
    217
     


    Valuation allowance
     
     
    (21
    )
     
     
    (32
    )


     
     
     


    Total future income tax assets, net of valuation allowance
     
     
    249
     
     
     
    185
     


     
     
     


    Net future income tax liabilities
     
     
    444
     
     
     
    706
     


     
     
     


    Current future income tax assets
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    19
     


    Non-current future income tax liabilities
     
     
    521
     
     
     
    725
     


     
     
     


    Net future income tax liabilities
     
     
    444
     
     
     
    706
     


     






6. Earnings Per Share






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Numerator
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net earnings
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    441
     


     
     
     


    Denominator
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Weighted-average number of shares outstanding for
basic earnings per share
     
     
    157
     
     
     
    158
     
     
     
    135
     


    Dilutive instruments — stock options (a)(b)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    1
     


     
     
     


    Weighted-average number of shares outstanding for
diluted earnings per share
     
     
    157
     
     
     
    159
     
     
     
    136
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Basic earnings per share
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    8.39
     
     
     
    3.28
     


    Diluted earnings per share
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    8.34
     
     
     
    3.25
     


     








    
    
    


    (a)
     
    For diluted earnings per share, conversion or exercise is assumed only if the effect is
dilutive to basic earnings per share.


 


    (b)
     
    Using the treasury stock method, stock options with an average grant price less than or
equal to the average share price during the year are considered dilutive and potential
common share equivalents are considered outstanding. At December 31, 2009, there were one
million dilutive stock options (December 31, 2008 — one million, December 31, 2007 — one
million).





7. Additional Cash Flow Information






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Cash
     
     
    870
     
     
     
    319
     


    Short-term investments
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    55
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    374
     


     





110      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 







     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net changes in non-cash working capital
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Accounts receivable
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    434
     
     
     
    (65
    )


    Inventories
     
     
    911
     
     
     
    (911
    )
     
     
    (184
    )


    Prepaid expenses and deposits
     
     
    (109
    )
     
     
    (114
    )
     
     
    (146
    )


    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
     
     
    (193
    )
     
     
    (458
    )
     
     
    137
     


    Income and other taxes receivable/payable
     
     
    342
     
     
     
    (48
    )
     
     
    (43
    )


    Other
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (51
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    950
     
     
     
    (1,097
    )
     
     
    (352
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Supplemental cash flow disclosure
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


    Interest paid
     
     
    107
     
     
     
    92
     
     
     
    69
     


    Income taxes paid
     
     
    91
     
     
     
    293
     
     
     
    123
     


    Dividends per share
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     


     






8. Accounts Receivable






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Trade accounts
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Retail
     
     
    727
     
     
     
    638
     


    Wholesale
     
     
    338
     
     
     
    305
     


    Advanced Technologies
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    20
     


    Income and other taxes
     
     
    127
     
     
     
    167
     


    Future income tax
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    19
     


    Rebates and other non-trade accounts
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    124
     


    Derivative financial instruments
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    5
     


    Allowance for doubtful accounts
     
     
    (46
    )
     
     
    (36
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    1,324
     
     
     
    1,242
     


     






9. Inventories






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Advanced
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Advanced
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Retail
     
     
    Wholesale
     
     
    Technologies
     
     
    Total
     
     
    Retail
     
     
    Wholesale
     
     
    Technologies
     
     
    Total
     





     
     
     


    Raw materials
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    193
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    231
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    172
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    216
     


    Finished goods
     
     
    89
     
     
     
    205
     
     
     
    65
     
     
     
    359
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    329
     
     
     
    41
     
     
     
    417
     


    Product for resale
     
     
    1,451
     
     
     
    96
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1,547
     
     
     
    1,981
     
     
     
    433
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    2,414
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    1,564
     
     
     
    494
     
     
     
    79
     
     
     
    2,137
     
     
     
    2,055
     
     
     
    934
     
     
     
    58
     
     
     
    3,047
     


     





At December 31, 2009, depreciation of $16-million is recorded in inventory (December 31, 2008
— $12-million). For 2009, depreciation of $118-million is recorded in cost of product sold (2008 —
$108-million, 2007 — nil).

111      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 




10. Property, Plant and Equipment






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
    Estimated
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    useful life
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Accumulated
     
     
    Net book
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Accumulated
     
     
    Net book
     


     
     
    (years)
     
     
    Cost
     
     
    depreciation
     
     
    value
     
     
    Cost
     
     
    depreciation
     
     
    value
     





     
     
     


    Land
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    73
     


    Building and improvements
     
     
    2-25
     
     
     
    687
     
     
     
    338
     
     
     
    349
     
     
     
    578
     
     
     
    267
     
     
     
    311
     


    Machinery and equipment
     
     
    3-25
     
     
     
    2,892
     
     
     
    1,836
     
     
     
    1,056
     
     
     
    2,409
     
     
     
    1,468
     
     
     
    941
     


    Assets under construction
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    274
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    274
     
     
     
    683
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    683
     


    Other
     
     
    3-25
     
     
     
    74
     
     
     
    44
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    69
     
     
     
    41
     
     
     
    28
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    4,000
     
     
     
    2,218
     
     
     
    1,782
     
     
     
    3,812
     
     
     
    1,776
     
     
     
    2,036
     


     






11. Intangibles






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
    Estimated
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    useful life
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Accumulated
     
     
    Net book
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Accumulated
     
     
    Net book
     


     
     
    (years)(c)
     
     
    Cost
     
     
    depreciation
     
     
    value
     
     
    Cost
     
     
    depreciation
     
     
    value
     





     
     
     


    Trade names (a)
     
     
    5-15
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    30
     


    Customer relationships (b)
     
     
    5-15
     
     
     
    543
     
     
     
    71
     
     
     
    472
     
     
     
    538
     
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    503
     


    Technology (b)
     
     
    7-19
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    17
     


    Other (b)
     
     
    2-20
     
     
     
    131
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    104
     
     
     
    118
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
    103
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    729
     
     
     
    112
     
     
     
    617
     
     
     
    709
     
     
     
    56
     
     
     
    653
     


     








    
    
    


    (a)
     
    Certain of the Company’s trade names with a cost of $17-million have indefinite lives
for accounting purposes and accordingly are not amortized. The Company completed its annual
test for impairment of indefinite-lived intangibles in the third quarter of 2009 and
determined that there was no impairment. Trade names with a cost of $14-million are being
amortized over their estimated useful lives.


 


    (b)
     
    Amortization expense of finite-lived intangibles for 2009 was $56-million (2008 —
$42-million, 2007 — $10-million) and over the next five years is estimated to be
approximately $54-million annually.


 


    (c)
     
    At December 31, 2009 the weighted-average amortization period for finite-lived intangibles is
10 years (December 31, 2008 — 10 years).





12. Goodwill






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Advanced
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Advanced
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Retail
     
     
    Wholesale
     
     
    Technologies
     
     
    Total
     
     
    Retail
     
     
    Wholesale
     
     
    Technologies
     
     
    Total
     





     
     
     


    Balance, beginning of year
     
     
    1,732
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    1,783
     
     
     
    127
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    51
     
     
     
    178
     


    Acquired during the year
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    1,605
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1,609
     


    Purchase price allocation
adjustments
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Foreign currency translation
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    (4
    )


     
     
     


    Balance, end of year (a)
     
     
    1,745
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    1,801
     
     
     
    1,732
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    1,783
     


     








    
    
    


    (a)
     
    The Company completed its annual test for impairment of goodwill during the third
quarter of 2009 and determined that there was no impairment.




112      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





13. Investment in Equity Investees






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Interest
     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    MISR Fertilizer Production Company S.A.E. (“MOPCO”)
     
     
    26.0
    %
     
     
    270
     
     
     
    —
     


    Hanfeng Evergreen Inc. (“Hanfeng”)
     
     
    19.5
    %
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    67
     


    Other
     
     
     
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    4
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    370
     
     
     
    71
     


     





In January 2009, the Company acquired a 26 percent interest in MOPCO, a private company operating
in Egypt, through an agreement exchanging shares and all related contractual obligations of a
subsidiary operating in Egypt for shares in MOPCO.


In 2008, the Egypt operating subsidiary carrying value was adjusted to $250-million, the fair
value of the MOPCO interest received. Prior to such adjustment, the Egypt operations had a net
carrying value of $570-million ($295-million net of non-controlling interest). An impairment
charge of $87-million ($45-million net of non-controlling interest) was recorded in the Wholesale
business unit. The assets and liabilities of the Egypt subsidiary that were deconsolidated upon
the share exchange were current assets of $17-million, production assets under construction of
$593-million, bank indebtedness of $118-million and accounts payable and accrued liabilities of
$9-million.


The Company determined fair value of the interest in MOPCO using an income approach, discounting a
range of possible outcomes, with each possible outcome bearing different risk factors, at a
risk-free rate plus an adjustment for risk factors of each outcome. The analysis included various
management estimates about future revenue, operating margins, growth rates, discount rates,
terminal value and non-controlling interest discount. The assumptions included anticipated future
cash flows, budgets and long-term business plans, marketplace information, industry data, economic
analysis and contracts in place at the time of the analysis. Actual results could differ from
management’s estimates and assumptions, potentially resulting in future impairment losses.


Pursuant to a marketing off-take agreement, the Company has a 25 year exclusive right to market
the export tonnes from MOPCO’s planned expansion.


The excess of the above-noted fair value determination of our investment in MOPCO over MOPCO’s
underlying net book value is $77-million and is allocated to property, plant and equipment with an
amortization period of 25 years.


Hanfeng is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The investment, consisting of 11.9 million common
shares, is carried in the Advanced Technologies business unit.


The Company’s share of earnings in MOPCO and Hanfeng are recorded on a one quarter delay.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Earnings from equity investees
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    MOPCO
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    —
     


    Hanfeng
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    4
     


    Other
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    4
     


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Cumulative undistributed earnings
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    MOPCO
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    —
     


    Hanfeng
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    4
     


    Other
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    4
     


     





113      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 







     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Assets, liabilities and results of operations of the above equity investees
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Net sales
     
     
    437
     
     
     
    313
     


    Net earnings
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    35
     


     
     
     
     


    Assets
     
     
    1,364
     
     
     
    248
     


    Liabilities
     
     
    382
     
     
     
    56
     


    Shareholders’ equity
     
     
    982
     
     
     
    192
     


     








14. Other Assets






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Investments
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    27
     


    Receivables
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    27
     


    Derivative financial instruments
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    16
     


    Deferred costs (a)
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    61
     


    Other
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    25
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    156
     


     








    
    
    


    (a)
     
    Amortization expense of $30-million was included in cost of
product sold in 2009 (2008 — $42-million, 2007 — $26-million).





15. Debt






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
     
     
     
    2008
     


     


     
     
    Rate (%)(a)
     
     
    Total
     
     
    Unutilized
     
     
    Utilized
     
     
    Utilized
     





     


    Bank indebtedness
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    North American revolving credit
facilities expiring 2010
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    North American revolving credit
facilities expiring 2012 (b)(c)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    775
     
     
     
    775
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    300
     


    European credit facilities
expiring 2010 to 2012 (d)(e)
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    450
     
     
     
    376
     
     
     
    74
     
     
     
    120
     


    South American credit facilities
expiring 2010 to 2012 (f)
     
     
    3.29
     
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    89
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    70
     


    Egypt bridge loan (g)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    120
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1,406
     
     
     
    1,300
     
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    610
     


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Long-term debt
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Unsecured
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Floating rate bank loans due May 5, 2013 (h)
     
     
    460
     
     
     
    460
     


    Floating rate bank loans due November 16, 2012 (i)
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    —
     


    6.75% debentures due January 15, 2019 (j)(k)
     
     
    500
     
     
     
    500
     


    7.125% debentures due May 23, 2036 (k)
     
     
    300
     
     
     
    300
     


    7.7% debentures due February 1, 2017 (k)
     
     
    100
     
     
     
    100
     


    7.8% debentures due February 1, 2027 (k)
     
     
    125
     
     
     
    125
     


    8.25% debentures due February 15, 2011 (k)
     
     
    125
     
     
     
    125
     


    Secured
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Other (l)
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    24
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
    1,709
     
     
     
    1,634
     


    Unamortized transaction costs
     
     
    (10
    )
     
     
    (12
    )


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
    1,699
     
     
     
    1,622
     


     





114      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 








     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Accounts receivable securitization
(m)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Cumulative proceeds from securitization, beginning of period
     
     
    200
     
     
     
    —
     


    Proceeds from sales of receivables
     
     
    400
     
     
     
    200
     


    Securitization reduction payments
     
     
    (600
    )
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     
     


    Cumulative proceeds from securitization, end of period
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    200
     


     








    
    
    


    (a)
     
    Weighted average rates at December 31, 2009.


 


    (b)
     
    On May 5, 2008, the Company increased its syndicated revolving credit facility to $775-million.
Interest is at various base rates plus a variable margin.


 


    (c)
     
    Outstanding letters of credit issued under the Company’s revolving credit facilities at
December 31, 2009 were $74-million, reducing credit available under the facilities to $701-million.


 


    (d)
     
    The facilities bear interest at various base rates plus a fixed or variable margin. Of the
total, $137-million is secured (December 31, 2008 — $207-million). Security pledged for the
utilized balance includes inventory, accounts receivable and other items with a total carrying
value of $87-million (December 31, 2008 — $125-million). The utilized balance includes
Euro-denominated debt of $31-million (December 31, 2008 — $62-million).


 


    (e)
     
    In December 2009, the
Company entered into a multi-currency revolving facility for Euro-denominated debt of $172-million
to replace existing credit facilities. Interest is at LIBOR plus a variable margin or EURIBOR plus
a variable margin. The facility expires in December 2011.


 


    (f)
     
    For the facilities utilized, nil (December 31, 2008 — $8-million) is denominated in Argentine
peso. Of the total, $105-million is uncommitted (December 31, 2008 — $130-million) of which
$28-million has been utilized (December 31, 2008 — $54-million).


 


    (g)
     
    Effective January 26, 2009, MOPCO
assumed this debt.


 


    (h)
     
    The loans bear
interest at LIBOR plus 0.55%.


 


    (i)
     
    South
American loans bear interest at LIBOR plus
5.25%.


 


    (j)
     
    On September 8, 2008, the Company issued $500-million of 6.75% debentures for proceeds of
$495-million net of related expenses.


 


    (k)
     
    Debentures have various provisions that allow the Company
to redeem debt prior to maturity, at the Company’s option, at specified prices.


 


    (l)
     
    Includes a
capital lease of $16-million (December 31, 2008 — $14-million) with an annual payment of $2-million
(2008 — $2-million) with the final installment due 2019, for land and building with a carrying
value of $10-million (December 31, 2008 — $10-million).


 


    (m)
     
    The Company has a revolving purchase and sale agreement to sell, with limited recourse,
accounts receivable to a maximum of $200-million (December 31, 2008 — $200-million). The
receivables are sold to an unrelated financial institution. The Company provides a security
interest to the financial institution in the form of accounts receivable in excess of the net cash
proceeds received. The agreement expires in December 2012.


 


    (n)
     
    The Company maintains a $24-million
irrevocable standby letter of credit facility in favor of a subsidiary. At December 31, 2009,
$22-million was outstanding (December 31, 2008 — $22-million), which does not reduce availability
under the Company’s other credit facilities.


 


    (o)
     
    Revolving credit facilities require the Company maintain specific covenants described under
Capital Management.





16. Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Trade
     
     
    956
     
     
     
    828
     


    Customer prepayments
     
     
    529
     
     
     
    480
     


    Non-trade
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    35
     


    Accrued liabilities
     
     
    508
     
     
     
    654
     


    Income and other taxes
     
     
    396
     
     
     
    86
     


    Accrued interest
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    26
     


    Dividends
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    9
     


    Derivative financial instruments
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    82
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
    2,475
     
     
     
    2,200
     


     







17. Other Liabilities






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Environmental remediation
     
     
    140
     
     
     
    135
     


    Asset retirement obligations
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    86
     


    Stock-based compensation
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    15
     


    Employee future benefits
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    65
     


    Derivative financial instruments
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    11
     


    Other
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    16
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
    381
     
     
     
    328
     


     





115      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 




18. Asset Retirement Obligations


The Company’s asset retirement obligations generally relate to dismantlement and site
restoration for nitrogen, phosphate and potash production facilities, marketing and distribution
facilities, and phosphate and potash mine assets. These obligations are estimated using discount
rates from 4 percent to 8 percent.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Balance, beginning of year
     
     
    86
     
     
     
    84
     


    Accretion, included in other expenses (income)
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    5
     


    Additions
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    12
     


    Settlements
     
     
    (7
    )
     
     
    (2
    )


    Foreign currency translation
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    (13
    )


     
     
     
     


    Balance, end of year
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    86
     


     
     
     
     


    Estimated undiscounted, inflation-adjusted cash flow required to settle
asset retirement obligations that will be settled between 2010 and 2136
     
     
    660
     
     
     
    651
     


     







19. Stock-based Compensation






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Plan
     
    Eligibility
     
    Granted
     
    Vesting period
     
    Term
     
    Settlement





     


     


    Stock Options and
Tandem Stock
Appreciation
Rights (“TSAR”)

     
    Officers and
employees

     
    Annually

     
    25% per year
over four years

     
    10 years

     
    Cash or shares


     


     


     


    Stock Appreciation
Rights (“SAR”)

     
    Certain
employees
outside Canada

     
    Annually

     
    25% per year
over four years

     
    10 years

     
    Cash


     


     


     


    Performance
Share Units
(“PSU”)

     
    Officers and
employees

     
    Annually

     
    On the third
anniversary of
the grant date

     
    n/a

     
    Cash


     


     


     


    Director’s
Deferred Share
Units (“DSU”)

     
    Directors

     
    At the
discretion of
the Board
of Directors

     
    Fully vested
upon grant

     
    n/a

     
    In cash on
director’s
departure from
the Board


     


     





Stock Options and Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights Plan

The stock option plan permits the attachment of SAR to all grants of options. Option holders
who are granted TSAR have the right to surrender vested options as cash or shares. The election to
settle a TSAR in cash entitles the holder to receive a cash payment equal to the excess of the U.S.
dollar equivalent of the highest price of the Company’s shares on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the TSAR. The Company expects the
majority of option holders will elect to exercise their options as a SAR, surrender their options
and therefore receive settlement in cash.



The Board may accelerate vesting under the plan on the retirement, termination, death or disability
of an optionee or on a change in ownership or control of the Company.


116      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 



Stock
option activity (number of options in thousands; weighted average price in U.S.
dollars)





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     


    Options and TSAR
     
    Options
     
     
    Price
     
     
    Options
     
     
    Price
     
     
    Options
     
     
    Price
     





     
     
     


    Outstanding,
beginning of year
     
     
    2,906
     
     
     
    25.95
     
     
     
    3,041
     
     
     
    23.93
     
     
     
    3,860
     
     
     
    16.18
     


    Granted
     
     
    517
     
     
     
    40.30
     
     
     
    297
     
     
     
    74.88
     
     
     
    493
     
     
     
    42.96
     


    Exercised
     
     
    (522
    )
     
     
    15.76
     
     
     
    (432
    )
     
     
    16.05
     
     
     
    (1,312
    )
     
     
    16.59
     


     
     
     


    Outstanding, end of year
     
     
    2,901
     
     
     
    31.16
     
     
     
    2,906
     
     
     
    25.95
     
     
     
    3,041
     
     
     
    23.93
     


     
     
     


    Exercisable, end of year
     
     
    1,829
     
     
     
    23.04
     
     
     
    1,920
     
     
     
    16.59
     
     
     
    1,878
     
     
     
    17.64
     


    Maximum available for
future grants, end of year
     
     
    1,033
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1,489
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1,597
     
     
     
     
     


    Cash received from
equity settled awards
     
     
     
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    15
     


    Tax benefit from
equity settled awards
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    3
     


     





Options outstanding

(number of options in thousands; weighted average remaining contractual life in years;
weighted average exercise price in U.S. dollars)





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    At December 31, 2009
     
     
     
     
     
    Options Outstanding
     
     
    Options Exercisable
     


     
     
    Remaining
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Exercise
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Exercise
     


    Range of Exercise Prices
     
    contractual life
     
     
    Options
     
     
    price
     
     
    Options
     
     
    price
     





     


    Less than 14.91
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    433
     
     
     
    14.63
     
     
     
    433
     
     
     
    14.63
     


    14.91 to 15.71
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    574
     
     
     
    15.40
     
     
     
    574
     
     
     
    15.40
     


    15.72 to 24.87
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    631
     
     
     
    23.24
     
     
     
    504
     
     
     
    22.91
     


    24.88 to 40.25
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    456
     
     
     
    39.73
     
     
     
    228
     
     
     
    39.73
     


    40.26 to 51.14
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    518
     
     
     
    40.44
     
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    43.27
     


    51.15 to 112.45
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    289
     
     
     
    74.36
     
     
     
    78
     
     
     
    75.16
     


     


     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    2,901
     
     
     
    31.16
     
     
     
    1,829
     
     
     
    23.04
     


     





Stock Appreciation Rights Plan

SAR entitle an employee to receive a cash payment equal to the excess of the highest price of
the Company’s shares on the NYSE on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the right.

SAR outstanding

(number of units in thousands; weighted average remaining contractual life in years;
weighted average exercise price in U.S. dollars)





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    At December 31, 2009
     
     
     
     
     
    SAR Outstanding
     
     
    SAR Exercisable
     


     
     
    Remaining
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Exercise
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Exercise
     


    Range of Exercise Prices
     
    contractual life
     
     
    Units
     
     
    price
     
     
    Units
     
     
    price
     





     


    Less than 22.79
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    15.35
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    15.35
     


    22.79 to 29.95
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    104
     
     
     
    24.51
     
     
     
    76
     
     
     
    24.47
     


    29.96 to 39.73
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    123
     
     
     
    39.59
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    39.61
     


    39.74 to 45.25
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    40.30
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    45.26 to 84.51
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    78
     
     
     
    74.07
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    73.67
     


     


     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    497
     
     
     
    39.63
     
     
     
    212
     
     
     
    32.58
     


     





117      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 



Performance Share Units Plan

PSU vest based upon the relative ranking of the Company’s average quarterly total shareholder
return over a three-year performance cycle, compared against the average quarterly total
shareholder return over the same period of a peer group of companies. The number of units that vest
ranges between none of the original PSU granted, up to 150 percent of the original PSU granted,
depending on the Company’s relative performance ranking.

The value of each PSU granted is based on the average common share price of the Company as traded
on the NYSE during the last five closing days of the three year cycle. When cash dividends are paid
on the common shares of the Company, additional PSU of equivalent value are credited to the
designated employee’s account.





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    PSU Activity (number of PSUs in thousands)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Outstanding, beginning of year
     
     
    636
     
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    894
     


    Granted
     
     
    327
     
     
     
    146
     
     
     
    223
     


    Settled
     
     
    (275
    )
     
     
    (326
    )
     
     
    (301
    )


     
     
     


    Outstanding, end of year
     
     
    688
     
     
     
    636
     
     
     
    816
     


     






Director’s Deferred Share Units Plans



The Company has two DSU Plans. Under the first plan, directors can elect to have a portion or
all of their director’s fees paid in DSU. The number of DSU issued is calculated by dividing the
director’s fees by the fair market value of the Company’s common shares on the date that the fees
become payable.



Under the second plan, the Company has a DSU Plan for directors permitting grants at the discretion
of the Board. Under this plan, a specified number of DSU may be granted to each director upon the
approval of the Board.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Compensation expense (recovery) by plan
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Stock options and TSAR
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    (11
    )
     
     
    40
     


    SAR
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    (7
    )
     
     
    10
     


    PSU
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    56
     


    DSU
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    (3
    )
     
     
    7
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    113
     


     





At December 31, 2009, there was $23-million of unrecognized compensation expense for unvested
awards. During 2009, cash of $15-million was used to settle the Company’s liability for awards
exercised.

118      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 




 





20. Employee Future Benefits






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Obligations and assets
(a)
     
    Defined benefit pension plans
     
     
    Post-retirement benefit plans
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     
     
     


    Change in accrued benefit obligations
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Balance, beginning of year
     
     
    170
     
     
     
    192
     
     
     
    184
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    89
     
     
     
    82
     


    Obligations associated with acquisitions (b)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Foreign currency translation
on Canadian obligations
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    (26
    )
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    (17
    )
     
     
    10
     


    Interest cost
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    6
     


    Service cost
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    5
     


    Actuarial loss (gain)
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    (16
    )
     
     
    (16
    )
     
     
    (11
    )


    Amendments
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    (3
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Transfer from other plans
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (1
    )


    Curtailment gain (c)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (13
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Benefits paid
     
     
    (10
    )
     
     
    (10
    )
     
     
    (9
    )
     
     
    (3
    )
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (2
    )


     
     
     


    Balance, end of year
     
     
    204
     
     
     
    170
     
     
     
    192
     
     
     
    58
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    89
     


     
     
     


    Change in plan assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Fair value, beginning of year
     
     
    113
     
     
     
    166
     
     
     
    140
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Assets associated with acquisitions (b)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Foreign currency translation
on Canadian assets
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    (16
    )
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Amendments
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (7
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Actual return on plan assets
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Employer contributions
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    2
     


    Benefits paid
     
     
    (10
    )
     
     
    (10
    )
     
     
    (9
    )
     
     
    (3
    )
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (2
    )


     
     
     


    Fair value, end of year
     
     
    154
     
     
     
    113
     
     
     
    166
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Unfunded status
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    57
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    58
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    89
     


    Unrecognized net (loss) gain
     
     
    (53
    )
     
     
    (52
    )
     
     
    (19
    )
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    (9
    )
     
     
    (42
    )


    Unrecognized prior service (cost) benefit
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    (3
    )
     
     
    (5
    )
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    10
     


     
     
     


    Accrued employee future benefit (asset) liability
     
     
    (7
    )
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    57
     


     
     
     


    Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of:
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Prepaid employee future benefits
     
     
    (7
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other liabilities
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    57
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    (7
    )
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    57
     


     






 



    
    
    



    (a)
     
    Disclosures for employee future benefits have a measurement date of December 31, 2009.
The effective date of the most recent actuarial valuations for funding purposes for the Canadian
registered plans was December 31, 2007. The next required valuation date for funding purposes is
December 31, 2010. For U.S. registered plans, the effective date of the most recent actuarial
valuation for funding purposes was January 1, 2009 and the next required valuation is January 1,
2010.


 


    (b)
     
    Obligations and assets associated with acquisitions in 2008 relate to the Company’s acquisition
of UAP.


 


    (c)
     
    During 2007, the Company recognized a curtailment gain of $10-million from its U.S. defined
benefit pension plan.


 


    (d)
     
    The estimated aggregate expected contribution to fund the Company’s defined benefit pension
plans for 2010 is $5-million.



119      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 




 







     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Defined benefit
     
     
    Post-retirement
     
     
     
     


    Expected benefit payments
     
    pension plans
     
     
    benefit plans
     
     
    Total
     





     


    2010
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    19
     


    2011
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    13
     


    2012
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    13
     


    2013
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    13
     


    2014
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    14
     


    2015 through 2019
     
     
    66
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    82
     


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Actuarial calculations of expense
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Defined benefit pension plans
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Service cost for benefits earned during the year
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    8
     


    Interest cost on accrued benefit obligations
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    12
     


    Expected return on plan assets
     
     
    (9
    )
     
     
    (12
    )
     
     
    (10
    )


    Net amortization and deferral
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    2
     


    Curtailment gain
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (10
    )


     
     
     


    Net expense
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    2
     


     
     
     


    Post-retirement benefit plans
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Service cost for benefits earned during the year
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    5
     


    Interest cost on accrued benefit obligations
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    6
     


    Net amortization and deferral
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    1
     


     
     
     


    Net expense
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    12
     


     
     
     


    Defined contribution pension plans
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    18
     


     
     
     


    Total expense
     
     
    44
     
     
     
    43
     
     
     
    32
     


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Actuarial assumptions
     
    Future benefits obligation
     
     
    Future benefits expense
     


    (percent)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     
     
     


    Defined benefit pension plans
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Discount rate (a)
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    5
     


    Long-term rate
of return on assets (b)
     
     
    n/a
     
     
     
    n/a
     
     
     
    n/a
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    7
     


    Rate of increase in
compensation levels
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    4
     


    Post-retirement benefit plans
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Discount rate
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    5
     


     






 



    
    
    



    (a)
     
    The discount rate assumed is the rate at which the pension and post-retirement
obligations could effectively be settled. The rate is based on high-quality (minimum rating of AA
or greater) fixed income investments with cash flows that match the timing and amount of the plans’
expected cash flows.


 


    (b)
     
    The Company’s assumption for the long-term rate of return on assets is based on the long-term
expectations of inflation, together with the expected long-term real return for each asset class,
weighted in accordance with the stated investment policy for the plan. Expectations of real returns
and inflation are based on a combination of current market conditions, historical capital market
data and future expectations.



120      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 







     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Assumed and ultimate health care cost trend rates
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Health care cost trend rate assumed for the next fiscal year
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     


    Ultimate health care cost trend rate
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    5
     


    Fiscal year the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate
     
     
    2017
     
     
     
    2017
     
     
     
    2014
     


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    One percentage
     
     
    One percentage
     


    Effect of assumed health care cost trend rate changes
     
    point increase
     
     
    point decrease
     





     


    Accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation
as of December 31, 2009
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    (6
    )


    Total of service and interest cost
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    (1
    )


     





Asset allocation and investment strategy

For plan assets, the Company’s investment objective is to a) maximize long-term return while
maintaining an adequate level of diversification, and b) provide for liquidity to make immediate
future benefit payments. Investments are classified by asset categories described below to achieve
diversification by investment strategy, investment manager, country, industry sector, and holding.
Investments in commodities, precious metals and certain other high risk or illiquid assets are
prohibited. Use of derivative instruments is limited to creating a desirable asset mix position,
adjusting the duration of a fixed income portfolio, replicating the investment performance of
interest rates or a recognized capital market index, managing currency exposure, and otherwise
reducing risk.





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Defined benefit plan assets — asset allocation
     
    Target allocation
     
     
    Plan assets
     


    Asset categories (percent)
     
    2010
     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Cash and other
     
     
    0 - 10
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    2
     


    Equity securities (a)
     
     
    50 - 75
     
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    61
     


    Debt securities (b)
     
     
    25 - 50
     
     
     
    37
     
     
     
    37
     


     






 



    
    
    



    (a)
     
    Includes approximately 25 percent investments in Canadian common equities and 55 percent
in U.S. common equities in a variety of sectors including financial, energy, materials, health care
and technology.


 


    (b)
     
    Includes Canadian and U.S. government bonds and investment grade corporate bonds of Canadian
and U.S. issuers.







     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Fair value of plan assets
     
    Level 1
     
     
    Level 2
     
     
    Total
     





     


    Cash and cash equivalents
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    5
     


    Equity securities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Canadian common stocks
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    25
     


    U.S. common stocks
     
     
    56
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    56
     


    Foreign common stocks
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    13
     


    Debt securities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Fixed income
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    32
     


    Government securities
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    23
     


     


     
     
     
    122
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    154
     


     






21. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Cash flow hedges, net of tax
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    6
     


    Available for sale financial instruments, net of tax
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    —
     


    Foreign currency translation
     
     
    (78
    )
     
     
    (178
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    (47
    )
     
     
    (172
    )


     





121      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





22. Financial Instruments



Risk management



In the normal course of business, the Company’s financial position, results of operations and
cash flows are exposed to various risks. On an annual basis, the Board approves a strategic plan
that takes into account the opportunities and major risks of the Company’s business and mitigation
factors to reduce these risks. The Board also reviews risk management policies and procedures on an
annual basis and sets upper limits on the transactional exposure to be managed and the time periods
over which exposures may be managed. The Company manages risk in accordance with its Exposure
Management Policy. The objective of the policy is to reduce volatility in cash flow and earnings.
Risks managed by the company include:






     
     
     
     
     


    Item
     
    Affected by
     
    Risk management policies





     


     
     
     
     
     


    Sales

     
    Product prices, Foreign currency
exchange rates: USD vs. CAD, ARS
(Argentine Peso), EUR, GBP

     
    Foreign currency forward and
option contracts


     


     
     
     
     
     


    Cost of product sold —
natural gas and power

     
    Price of natural gas and power

     
    Natural gas forward, swap and option
contracts and heat rate swap contracts


     


     
     
     
     
     


    Cost of product sold —
product purchased for resale

     
    Price of nutrients
purchased for resale

     
    Nutrient swaps and product
purchase commitments


     


     
     
     
     
     


    Selling, general and administrative,
and other expenses denominated
in local currencies

     
    Currency exchange rates: 
USD vs. CAD, ARS, EUR, GBP
     
    Foreign currency forward and
option contracts


     


     
     
     
     
     


    Capital expenditures

     
    Currency exchange rates: 
USD vs. CAD, ARS, EUR
     
    Foreign currency forward and
option contracts


     


     
     
     
     
     


    Interest expense

     
    USD and EUR interest rates

     
    Maintaining a combination of fixed and
floating rate debt; interest rate swaps to
manage risk for up to 10 years


     


     
     
     
     
     


    Financial instruments
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     


    Market risk — currency risk

     
    USD balances in Canadian and
European subsidiaries; Foreign
currencies held in USD
denominated subsidiaries

     
    Foreign currency forward and option
contracts to manage risk for up to
three years


     
     
     
     
     


    Market risk — natural gas, power
and nutrient price risk

     
    Market prices of natural gas,
power and nutrients

     
    Natural gas forward, swap and option
contracts and heat rate swap contracts
to manage power price risk for
up to five years


     
     
     
     
     


    Market risk — interest rate risk

     
    Changes in market interest rates

     
    Maintaining a combination of fixed and
floating rate debt; interest rate swaps
to manage risk for up to 10 years


     
     
     
     
     


    Credit risk

     
    Ability of customers or counterparties
to financial instruments to
meet obligations

     
    Credit approval and monitoring
practices; counterparty policies


     
     
     
     
     


    Liquidity risk

     
    Fluctuations in cash flows

     
    Preparation and monitoring of detailed
forecasts of cash flows; maintenance
of cash balances and uncommitted,
multiple year credit facilities


     





Sensitivity analysis to risk is provided where the effect on net earnings or shareholders’ equity
could be material. Sensitivity analysis is performed by relating the reasonably possible changes in
the risk variable at December 31, 2009 to financial instruments outstanding on that date while
assuming all other variables remain constant.

122      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 




Market risk 

a) Currency risk

U.S. dollar denominated transactions in our Canadian operations generate foreign exchange gains and
losses on outstanding balances which are recognized in net earnings. The net U.S. dollar
denominated balance in Canadian operations is $254-million (December 31, 2008 — $1.1-billion). A
strengthening of $0.01 in the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar would have increased net
earnings by $2-million (2008 — $8-million).

A foreign currency translation adjustment is recognized in other comprehensive income upon
translation of our Canadian and European operations to U.S. dollars. A strengthening of $0.01 of
the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar would have an impact of $2-million on comprehensive
income (2008 — less than $1-million). A $0.01 weakening of the Canadian dollar would have an equal
but opposite impact. A strengthening of $0.01 of the Euro against the U.S. dollar would have an
impact of less than $1-million on comprehensive income (2008 — $1-million). A $0.01 weakening of
the Euro would have an equal but opposite impact.

Balances in non-U.S. dollar subsidiaries 
(in U.S. dollar equivalent)





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
    Canadian
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Canadian
     
     
     
     


     
     
    dollars
     
     
    Euro
     
     
    dollars
     
     
    Euro
     





     
     
     


    Cash and cash equivalents
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    211
     
     
     
    2
     


    Accounts receivable
     
     
    69
     
     
     
    65
     
     
     
    115
     
     
     
    69
     


    Bank indebtedness
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (31
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (62
    )


    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
     
     
    (246
    )
     
     
    (38
    )
     
     
    (338
    )
     
     
    (87
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    (179
    )
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    (12
    )
     
     
    (78
    )


     





Foreign exchange derivative financial instruments outstanding





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
    Notional
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Notional
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    (millions,
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Fair value
     
     
    (millions,
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Fair value
     


     
     
    buy
     
     
     
     
     
     
    assets
     
     
    buy
     
     
     
     
     
     
    assets
     


    Sell/Buy
     
    currency)
     
     
    Maturities
     
     
    (liabilities)
     
     
    currency)
     
     
    Maturities
     
     
    (liabilities)
     





     
     
     


    USD/CAD forwards
     
    CAD 46
     
     
     
    2010
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    USD/EUR forwards
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
    EUR 15
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    —
     


    EUR/USD forwards
     
    USD 9
     
     
     
    2010
     
     
     
    —
     
     
    USD 33
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    —
     


    GBP/USD forwards
     
    USD 2
     
     
     
    2010
     
     
     
    —
     
     
    USD 5
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    —
     


    USD/CAD put
options purchased
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
    CAD 195
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    2
     


    USD/CAD call options sold
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
    CAD 206
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (20
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (18
    )


     






b) Commodity price risk



The Company manages the risk of changes in natural gas, power and nutrient prices using
derivatives. Total change in fair value of non-qualifying derivative financial instruments during
2009 was a loss of $93-million (2008 — $68-million) which is reported in other expenses (income),
of which $113-million (2008 — $8-million) has been realized.


For natural gas derivative financial instruments outstanding at December 31, 2009, an increase of
$0.10 per MMBtu would have increased net earnings by $2-million (2008 — $3-million). A $0.10
decrease per MMBtu would have an equal but opposite impact.

123      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 



Natural gas, power and nutrient derivative financial instruments outstanding






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
    2008


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Fair value
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Fair value
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    assets
     


     
     
    Notional
     
     
    Maturities
     
     
    (liabilities)
     
     
    Notional
     
     
    Maturities
     
     
    (liabilities)
     





     
     
     


    Natural gas(BCF)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    NYMEX contracts
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Swaps
     
     
    67
     
     
    2010 to 2013
     
     
     
    (35
    )
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    2009 to 2013
     
     
     
    (61
    )


    Collars
(swap with options)
     
     
    23
     
     
    2010 to 2012
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    2009 to 2012
     
     
     
    13
     


    Call spreads
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    2
     


    El Paso swaps
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (2
    )


    AECO contracts
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Swaps
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (1
    )


    Options
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (9
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    90
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    78
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (58
    )


     
     
     


    Power
— Swaps (GWh)
     
     
    552
     
     
    2010 to 2013
     
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    666
     
     
     
    2009 to 2012
     
     
     
    6
     


    Nutrient
— Urea swaps (short tons)
     
     
    24,500
     
     
     
    2010
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    18,000
     
     
     
    2009
     
     
     
    (2
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (31
    )
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (54
    )


     





c) Interest rate risk

The Company’s exposure to floating interest rate risk is generally limited to bank indebtedness
and certain cash and cash equivalents, whereas exposure to fixed interest rate risk is generally
limited to the Company’s long-term debt.

The Company’s cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with a term of three
months or less that earn interest at market rates. The Company manages its interest rate risk on
these investments by maximizing the interest income earned on excess funds while maintaining the
liquidity necessary to conduct operations on a day-to-day basis. Fluctuations in market rates of
interest on cash and cash equivalents do not have a significant impact on the Company’s results of
operations due to the short term to maturity of the investments.

Credit risk

Geographic and industry diversity mitigate credit risk. The Wholesale business unit sells
mainly to large agribusinesses and other industrial users. Letters of credit and credit insurance
are used to mitigate risk. The Retail business unit sells to a large customer base dispersed over
wide geographic areas in the United States, Argentina and Chile. The Advanced Technologies
business unit sells to a diversified customer base including large suppliers in the North American
professional turf application market. There were no significant uncollectible trade receivable
balances at December 31, 2009.

The Company may be exposed to certain losses in the event that counterparties to short-term
investments and derivative financial instruments are unable to meet their contractual obligations.
The Company manages counterparty credit risk with policies requiring that counterparties to
short-term investments and derivative financial instruments have an investment grade or higher
credit rating and policies that limit the investing of excess funds to liquid instruments with a
maximum term of one year and limit the maximum exposure to any one counterparty. The Company also
enters into master netting agreements that mitigate its exposure to counterparty credit risk. At
December 31, 2009, all counterparties to derivative financial instruments have maintained an
investment grade or higher credit rating and there is no indication that any counterparty will be
unable to meet their obligations under derivative financial contracts.

124      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Maximum credit exposure based on derivative
     
     
     
     
     
     


    financial instruments in an asset position
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Foreign exchange contracts
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     


    Natural gas, power and nutrient contracts
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    21
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    21
     


     






Liquidity risk



The Company monitors and manages its cash requirements to ensure access to sufficient funds
to meet operational and investing requirements. The primary source of liquidity is cash generated
from operations, supplemented by credit facilities and the accounts receivable securitization
program. The Company monitors and has access to capital as described under capital management.



The Company’s bank indebtedness and accounts payable and accrued liabilities generally have
contractual maturities of six months or less.



Fair values



The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, bank indebtedness and
accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate carrying value due to their short-term
nature. The fair value of floating-rate loans approximates carrying value.



The fair value of long-term debt is determined using information classified as level two.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Fair value of long-term debt
     
     
    1,805
     
     
     
    1,578
     


    Carrying value of long-term debt
     
     
    1,709
     
     
     
    1,634
     


    Weighted-average effective interest rate on long-term debt (%)
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    6
     


     





125      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Fair value of financial instruments
     
    2009


     
     
    Level 1
     
     
    Level 2
     
     
    Netting
     
     
    Total
     





     


    Cash and cash equivalents
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    933
     


    Accounts receivable
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Foreign exchange derivative financial
instruments
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     


    Gas, power and nutrient derivative
financial instruments
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    (36
    )
     
     
    5
     


    Marketable securities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Investment in CF (available for sale)
     
     
    113
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    113
     


    Other (held for trading)
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     


    Other assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gas, power and nutrient derivative
financial instruments
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    (26
    )
     
     
    3
     


    Other (available for sale)
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    25
     


    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gas, power and nutrient derivative
financial instruments
     
     
    (44
    )
     
     
    (6
    )
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    (14
    )


    Other liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gas, power and nutrient derivative
financial instruments
     
     
    (47
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    (25
    )


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Fair value of financial instruments
     
    2008


     
     
    Level 1
     
     
    Level 2
     
     
    Netting
     
     
    Total
     





     


    Cash and cash equivalents
     
     
    374
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    374
     


    Accounts receivable
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Foreign exchange derivative
financial instruments
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Gas, power and nutrient
derivative financial
instruments
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    5
     


    Other assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gas, power and nutrient
derivative financial
instruments
     
     
    40
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    (29
    )
     
     
    16
     


    Other (available for sale)
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    27
     


    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Foreign exchange derivative
financial instruments
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (20
    )
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    (18
    )


    Gas, power and nutrient
derivative financial
instruments
     
     
    (60
    )
     
     
    (13
    )
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    (64
    )


    Other liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Gas, power and nutrient
derivative financial
instruments
     
     
    (37
    )
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    28
     
     
     
    (11
    )


     





126      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 





23. Commitments






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2010
     
     
    2011
     
     
    2012
     
     
    2013
     
     
    2014
     





     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Operating lease commitments (a)
     
     
    125
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    9
     


    Natural gas and other (b)(c)
     
     
    487
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    22
     


    Power, sulfuric acid and other (d)
     
     
    91
     
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    17
     


    Other
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Long-term debt and capital lease repayments
(e)
     
     
    92
     
     
     
    261
     
     
     
    81
     
     
     
    537
     
     
     
    75
     


    Derivative financial instruments
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Natural gas
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    —
     


    Power
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     


     
     
     
    805
     
     
     
    386
     
     
     
    197
     
     
     
    615
     
     
     
    123
     


     








 




    
    
    



    (a)
     
    Operating lease commitments consist primarily of leases for rail cars and contractual
commitments at distribution facilities in Wholesale, vehicles and application equipment in
Retail, and office equipment and property leases throughout the Company’s operations.
Commitments represent minimum payments under each agreement in each of the next five years.
In 2009, expenses for operating leases were $162-million (2008 — $158-million; 2007 —
$46-million).


 


    (b)
     
    The Company’s minimum commitments for North American natural gas purchases, which are
floating-rate contracts, are calculated using the prevailing regional gas prices for U.S.
facilities and the AECO forward prices for Canadian facilities at December 31, 2009.


 


    (c)
     
    Commitments include the Company’s proportionate share of commitments of joint ventures.
Profertil has three fixed-price gas contracts denominated in U.S. dollars, expiring in 2011,
2012 and 2017. These three contracts account for approximately 80 percent of Profertil’s gas
requirements. Repsol-YPF, our joint venture partner in Profertil, supplies approximately 27
percent of the gas under these contracts.


 


    (d)
     
    The Company has a power co-generation agreement for its Carseland facility which expires
December 31, 2021. The minimum commitment under this agreement is to purchase 60
megawatt-hours of power per hour (“MW/hr”) through 2011 and up to 20 MW/hr for the remainder
of the term based on the Carseland facility requirements. The price for the power is based
on a fixed charge adjusted for inflation and a variable charge based on the cost of natural
gas.


 


    (e)
     
    Payments include interest.






24. Guarantees



The Company has guaranteed rail car leases of a third party. The lease agreements expire in
2025. Maximum potential future undiscounted payments for guarantees issued by the Company were
approximately $27-million as at December 31, 2009. If the guaranteed party fails to make lease
payments as they become due, the Company would be required to act under the guarantees; however,
the Company does not expect any material loss would result after consideration of possible
recoveries under recourse provisions.



25. Contingencies



Environmental remediation



The Company expects contingent environmental liabilities to arise out of existing and former
operations. Such liabilities are different from, and would be in addition to, existing asset
retirement obligations and accrued environmental remediation liabilities because the liabilities
are not determinable, the conditions which may give rise to the costs are uncertain, and the
future expectations of the applicable regulatory authorities are not known. Potential costs that
may arise in connection with such liabilities are not included in our provisions until the source
and nature of the obligation becomes clear and is reasonably estimable.



Litigation



The Company and a number of unrelated companies are named as defendants in two class action
complaints currently consolidated before the United States District Court, Northern District of
Illinois. The complaints generally allege that the defendants engaged in anti-competitive activity
respecting their potash business. The plaintiffs seek injunctive relief and to recover unspecified
amounts of damages. The Company believes that the allegations are without merit. At February 25,
2010, the potential exposure of these lawsuits is indeterminable.

127      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 






The Company is involved in various claims and litigation arising in the normal course of
business. While the outcome of these matters is uncertain and there can be no assurance that such
matters will be resolved in the Company’s favour, the Company does not currently believe that the
outcome of any pending or threatened proceedings related to these or other matters, or the amounts
which the Company may be required to pay by reason thereof, would have a material adverse impact
on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity.



Other



The Company is contractually obligated to reimburse a third party for its pro-rata share of
any operating losses or other liabilities incurred pursuant to a marketing arrangement. There were
no such operating losses or other liabilities in 2009, 2008 or 2007.



The Company was contingently liable at December 31, 2009 for a maximum of $53-million (December
31, 2008 — $145-million) to purchase certain accounts receivable, inventories and equipment from
some of the Company’s dealers upon expiry of the agency agreement or resignation of the dealer.
During the year, the Company purchased $7-million and $4-million of inventories and equipment from
dealers.



26. Capital Management



The Company’s primary objectives when managing capital are to provide for: (a) an appropriate
rate of return to shareholders in relation to the risks underlying the Company’s assets; and, (b)
a prudent capital structure for raising capital at a reasonable cost for the funding of ongoing
operations, capital expenditures, and new growth initiatives.



The ratios outlined in the table below are monitored by the Company in managing its capital.






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Net debt to net debt plus equity (%) (a)
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    (22
    )


    Interest coverage (multiple) (b)
     
     
    7.5
     
     
     
    22.1
     
     
     
    12.7
     


     








 




    
    
    



    (a)
     
    Net debt includes bank indebtedness and long-term debt, net of cash and cash equivalents.
Equity includes shareholders’ equity.


 


    (b)
     
    Interest coverage is the last 12 months net earnings before interest expense, income taxes,
depreciation, amortization and asset impairment divided by interest, which includes interest
on long-term debt plus other interest.


 


    (c)
     
    The measures of debt, equity and net earnings described above are non-GAAP financial
measures which do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by Canadian GAAP and therefore
may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.


 


    (d)
     
    The Company’s strategy for managing capital is unchanged from December 31, 2008.






The Company’s revolving credit facilities require the Company maintain specific interest
coverage and debt to capital ratios as well as other non-financial covenants as defined in the
debt agreement. The Company was in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2009.



The
Company has filed a base shelf prospectus in Canada and the U.S. which potentially allows
issuance of up to $1-billion of debt, equity or other securities for a 25-month period until
December 2011. Issuance of securities requires filing a prospectus supplement and is subject to
availability of funding in capital markets.



128      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 






27. Segmentation






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Consolidated net sales
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Retail
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Crop nutrients
     
     
    2,522
     
     
     
    2,718
     
     
     
    1,453
     


    Crop protection products
     
     
    2,638
     
     
     
    2,115
     
     
     
    619
     


    Seed, services and other
     
     
    1,004
     
     
     
    683
     
     
     
    394
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    6,164
     
     
     
    5,516
     
     
     
    2,466
     


     
     
     


    Wholesale
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Nitrogen
     
     
    1,247
     
     
     
    1,815
     
     
     
    1,535
     


    Potash
     
     
    333
     
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    305
     


    Phosphate
     
     
    436
     
     
     
    847
     
     
     
    466
     


    Product purchased for resale
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    971
     
     
     
    339
     


    Other
     
     
    187
     
     
     
    237
     
     
     
    200
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    3,019
     
     
     
    4,686
     
     
     
    2,845
     


     
     
     


    Advanced Technologies
     
     
    304
     
     
     
    352
     
     
     
    249
     


    Other (a)
     
     
    (358
    )
     
     
    (523
    )
     
     
    (290
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    5,270
     


     
     
     


    Consolidated inter-segment sales
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Retail
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    8
     


    Wholesale
     
     
    311
     
     
     
    459
     
     
     
    250
     


    Advanced Technologies
     
     
    43
     
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    32
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    358
     
     
     
    523
     
     
     
    290
     


     
     
     


    Consolidated net earnings
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Retail
     
     
    163
     
     
     
    480
     
     
     
    177
     


    Wholesale
     
     
    495
     
     
     
    1,478
     
     
     
    667
     


    Advanced Technologies
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    13
     


    Other (a)
     
     
    (80
    )
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    (142
    )


     
     
     


    Earnings before interest and income taxes (b)
     
     
    581
     
     
     
    2,016
     
     
     
    715
     


    Interest on long-term debt
     
     
    91
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    52
     


    Other interest
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
    18
     


     
     
     


    Earnings before income taxes (b)
     
     
    471
     
     
     
    1,911
     
     
     
    645
     


     
     
     


    Income taxes
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    589
     
     
     
    204
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    441
     


     
     
     


    Total assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Retail
     
     
    5,393
     
     
     
    5,536
     
     
     
    1,850
     


    Wholesale
     
     
    3,205
     
     
     
    3,981
     
     
     
    3,570
     


    Advanced Technologies
     
     
    418
     
     
     
    348
     
     
     
    372
     


    Other
     
     
    769
     
     
     
    (28
    )
     
     
    40
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,837
     
     
     
    5,832
     


     
     
     


    Capital expenditures
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Retail
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    54
     
     
     
    42
     


    Wholesale
     
     
    201
     
     
     
    432
     
     
     
    409
     


    Advanced Technologies
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    3
     


    Other
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    313
     
     
     
    506
     
     
     
    454
     


     








 




    
    
    



    (a)
     
    The Other segment is a non-operating segment for inter-segment eliminations and corporate
functions. Net sales between segments are accounted for at prices that approximate fair market
value.


 


    (b)
     
    Net of non-controlling interests.



129      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 







     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    2009
     
    2008
     
    2007


     
     
    Net Sales
     
     
    PP&E
     
     
    Goodwill
     
     
    Net Sales
     
     
    PP&E
     
     
    Goodwill
     
     
    Net Sales
     
     
    PP&E
     
     
    Goodwill
     





     
     
     


    Canada
     
     
    1,073
     
     
     
    968
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    1,704
     
     
     
    682
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    1,033
     
     
     
    824
     
     
     
    17
     


    United States
     
     
    7,146
     
     
     
    583
     
     
     
    1,793
     
     
     
    7,296
     
     
     
    535
     
     
     
    1,762
     
     
     
    3,659
     
     
     
    381
     
     
     
    161
     


    Argentina
     
     
    283
     
     
     
    221
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    477
     
     
     
    230
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    373
     
     
     
    221
     
     
     
    —
     


    Europe
     
     
    495
     
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    480
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Egypt
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    585
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    346
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other
     
     
    132
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    74
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    205
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    1,782
     
     
     
    1,801
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    2,036
     
     
     
    1,783
     
     
     
    5,270
     
     
     
    1,772
     
     
     
    178
     


     






28. Joint Ventures



The consolidated statements of operations, statements of cash flows and balance sheets
include on a proportionate basis the Company’s 50 percent interest in Profertil S.A., Alida
Limited Company, Florala, LLC and Agro Baltic Gmbh joint ventures.



A summary of the Company’s interest in the joint ventures at December 31 is as follows:






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Statements of operations
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Net sales
     
     
    353
     
     
     
    408
     
     
     
    261
     


    Expenses
     
     
    282
     
     
     
    322
     
     
     
    173
     


    Income taxes
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    32
     


     
     
     


    Proportionate share of net earnings of joint ventures
     
     
    45
     
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    56
     


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Statements of cash flows
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Operating activities
     
     
    78
     
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    51
     


    Investing activities
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (13
    )
     
     
    (5
    )


    Financing activities
     
     
    (56
    )
     
     
    (28
    )
     
     
    (47
    )


     
     
     


    Proportionate share of increase (decrease) in cash
and cash equivalents of joint ventures
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    (1
    )


     









     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Balance sheets
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     





     


    Current assets
     
     
    111
     
     
     
    138
     


    Long-term assets
     
     
    202
     
     
     
    213
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
    313
     
     
     
    351
     


     
     
     
     


    Current liabilities
     
     
    69
     
     
     
    104
     


    Long-term liabilities
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    9
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
    100
     
     
     
    113
     


     
     
     
     


    Proportionate share of net assets of joint ventures
     
     
    213
     
     
     
    238
     


     
     
     
     


    Cumulative earnings from the Company’s interest in
joint ventures included in retained earnings
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    76
     


     





130      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report


 



 


10-Year financial highlights





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars except
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    per share data and ratios)
     
    2000
     
     
    2001
     
     
    2002
     
     
    2003
     
     
    2004
     
     
    2005
     
     
    2006
     
     
    2007
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2009
     





     


    Income Statement
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    1,873
     
     
     
    2,063
     
     
     
    2,083
     
     
     
    2,499
     
     
     
    2,838
     
     
     
    3,294
     
     
     
    4,193
     
     
     
    5,270
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    9,129
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    547
     
     
     
    547
     
     
     
    519
     
     
     
    739
     
     
     
    905
     
     
     
    1,038
     
     
     
    956
     
     
     
    1,598
     
     
     
    3,223
     
     
     
    1,943
     


    EBIT (a)(c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h)
     
     
    163
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    64
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    467
     
     
     
    500
     
     
     
    72
     
     
     
    715
     
     
     
    2,016
     
     
     
    581
     


    EBITDA (b)(c)
     
     
    270
     
     
     
    172
     
     
     
    212
     
     
     
    396
     
     
     
    623
     
     
     
    646
     
     
     
    377
     
     
     
    888
     
     
     
    2,321
     
     
     
    823
     


    Net earnings (loss) (d)(e)(f)(g)(h)
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    (57
    )
     
     
    (11
    )
     
     
    (37
    )
     
     
    266
     
     
     
    283
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    441
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    366
     


    Diluted earnings (loss)
per common share (d)(e)(f)(g)(h)
     
     
    0.62
     
     
     
    (0.49
    )
     
     
    (0.08
    )
     
     
    (0.29
    )
     
     
    1.91
     
     
     
    2.12
     
     
     
    0.25
     
     
     
    3.25
     
     
     
    8.34
     
     
     
    2.33
     


    Interest
     
     
    52
     
     
     
    91
     
     
     
    85
     
     
     
    80
     
     
     
    69
     
     
     
    49
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    70
     
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    110
     


    Dividends per common share
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     
     
     
    0.11
     


    Cash Flow
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Cash provided by operating activities
     
     
    247
     
     
     
    76
     
     
     
    213
     
     
     
    175
     
     
     
    440
     
     
     
    450
     
     
     
    155
     
     
     
    494
     
     
     
    1,044
     
     
     
    1,404
     


    Capital expenditures
     
     
    179
     
     
     
    164
     
     
     
    52
     
     
     
    99
     
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    175
     
     
     
    209
     
     
     
    454
     
     
     
    506
     
     
     
    313
     


    Balance Sheet
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Non-cash working capital
     
     
    300
     
     
     
    290
     
     
     
    235
     
     
     
    338
     
     
     
    419
     
     
     
    488
     
     
     
    735
     
     
     
    979
     
     
     
    2,564
     
     
     
    1,712
     


    Total assets
     
     
    2,391
     
     
     
    2,404
     
     
     
    2,197
     
     
     
    2,278
     
     
     
    2,661
     
     
     
    2,785
     
     
     
    3,265
     
     
     
    5,832
     
     
     
    9,837
     
     
     
    9,785
     


    Total debt
     
     
    1,023
     
     
     
    1,187
     
     
     
    969
     
     
     
    942
     
     
     
    775
     
     
     
    477
     
     
     
    897
     
     
     
    950
     
     
     
    2,232
     
     
     
    1,805
     


    Shareholders’ equity
     
     
    666
     
     
     
    540
     
     
     
    561
     
     
     
    612
     
     
     
    948
     
     
     
    1,180
     
     
     
    1,233
     
     
     
    3,088
     
     
     
    4,110
     
     
     
    4,592
     


    Common Share Statistics
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Weighted-average common shares outstanding 
(in  millions)
     
     
    112
     
     
     
    115
     
     
     
    123
     
     
     
    126
     
     
     
    131
     
     
     
    132
     
     
     
    132
     
     
     
    135
     
     
     
    158
     
     
     
    157
     


    Closing share price (U.S.$)
     
     
    14.63
     
     
     
    10.60
     
     
     
    11.31
     
     
     
    16.46
     
     
     
    16.85
     
     
     
    21.99
     
     
     
    31.49
     
     
     
    72.21
     
     
     
    34.13
     
     
     
    61.50
     


    Market capitalization (i)
     
     
    1,682
     
     
     
    1,219
     
     
     
    1,425
     
     
     
    2,090
     
     
     
    2,224
     
     
     
    2,881
     
     
     
    4,188
     
     
     
    11,409
     
     
     
    5,358
     
     
     
    9,656
     


    Profitability Ratios
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Return on average invested capital (%) (c)
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    28
     
     
     
    7
     


    Return on average
shareholders’ equity (%) (c)
     
     
    12
     
     
     
    (10
    )
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    (7
    )
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    37
     
     
     
    8
     


    Debt Ratios
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Debt to debt plus equity (%) (c)
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    69
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    45
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    42
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    28
     


    EBITDA interest coverage (c)
     
     
    5.2
     
     
     
    1.9
     
     
     
    2.5
     
     
     
    5.0
     
     
     
    9.0
     
     
     
    13.2
     
     
     
    6.0
     
     
     
    12.7
     
     
     
    22.1
     
     
     
    7.5
     


     





Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s
presentation.


 



    
    
    



    (a)
     
    Net earnings (loss) before interest expense and income taxes.


 


    (b)
     
    Net earnings (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and asset
impairment.


 


    (c)
     
    These items are not measures of financial performance under either Canadian or U.S. GAAP.


 


    (d)
     
    Data for 2003 includes an impairment charge on our Kenai, Alaska, nitrogen facility of
$235-million ($140-million after tax).


 


    (e)
     
    Data for 2006 includes an impairment charge on our Kapuskasing phosphate rock mine and
Redwater phosphate facility of $136-million ($95-million after tax).


 


    (f)
     
    Data for 2008 includes an inventory and purchase commitment write-down of $216-million
($149-million net of tax).


 


    (g)
     
    Data for 2008 includes an impairment charge on our EAgrium investment of $87-million
($45-million net of non-controlling interest).


 


    (h)
     
    Data for 2009 includes an inventory and purchase commitment write-down of
$63-million ($49-million net of tax).


 


    (i)
     
    Market capitalization is calculated as period end common shares outstanding multiplied by
period end share price.



131      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 




 






Directors & Officers



Agrium’s Board of Directors



Frank W. Proto, Board Chair
Ralph S. Cunningham
Germaine Gibara
Russell K. Girling
Susan A. Henry
Russell J. Horner
The Honourable Anne McLellan, P.C.
Derek G. Pannell
Michael M. Wilson
Victor J. Zaleschuk



Agrium’s Officers



Michael M. Wilson, President & Chief Executive Officer
Bruce G. Waterman, Senior Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer
Richard L. Gearheard, Senior Vice President, Agrium & President, Retail Business Unit
James M. Grossett, Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Andrew K. Mittag, Senior Vice President & President, Agrium Advanced Technologies Business Unit
Leslie A. O’Donoghue, Chief Legal Officer & Senior Vice President, Business Development
Ron A. Wilkinson, Senior Vice President, Agrium & President, Wholesale Business Unit
Stephen G. Dyer, Vice President, Retail West Region
Patrick J. Freeman, Vice President & Treasurer
Kevin R. Helash, Vice President, Marketing & Distribution
Angela S. Lekatsas, Vice President, Corporate Controller & Chief Risk Officer
Charles (Chuck) V. Magro, Vice President, Manufacturing
Christopher W. Tworek, Vice President, Special Projects
Thomas E. Warner, Vice President, Retail East Region
Joni Paulus, General Counsel
Gary J. Daniel, Corporate Secretary

Compliance with NYSE Listing Standards on Corporate Governance

Our common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), but as a listed foreign
private issuer, the NYSE does not require us to comply with all of its listing standards regarding
corporate governance. Notwithstanding this exemption, we are in compliance in all material
respects with the NYSE listing standards and we intend to continue to comply with those standards
so as to ensure that there are no significant differences between our corporate governance
practices and those practices required by the NYSE of other publicly listed companies. Readers are
also referred to the Corporate Governance Section of our web site at www.agrium.com for
further information.

Dividend Information

A cash dividend of five and one half cents U.S. per common share was paid on January 14, 2010
to shareholders of record on December 29, 2009.

A cash dividend of five and one half cents U.S. per common share was paid on July 2, 2009 to
shareholders of record on June 11, 2009.

Stock Exchanges and Trading Symbol

Common shares are listed on the Toronto and New York Stock Exchanges under AGU.

132      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


Financial Highlights

Net (loss) earnings and
operating cash flows (millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Q1
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q4
     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Net sales
     
     
    1,753
     
     
     
    4,090
     
     
     
    1,844
     
     
     
    1,442
     
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    5,270
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    1,462
     
     
     
    3,168
     
     
     
    1,438
     
     
     
    1,055
     
     
     
    7,123
     
     
     
    6,592
     
     
     
    3,672
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    216
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    273
     
     
     
    890
     
     
     
    397
     
     
     
    383
     
     
     
    1,943
     
     
     
    3,223
     
     
     
    1,598
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    30
     


    Expenses
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Selling
     
     
    204
     
     
     
    281
     
     
     
    206
     
     
     
    227
     
     
     
    918
     
     
     
    815
     
     
     
    471
     


    General and administrative
     
     
    44
     
     
     
    56
     
     
     
    52
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    202
     
     
     
    192
     
     
     
    125
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    124
     
     
     
    110
     
     
     
    173
     


    Potash profit and capital tax
     
     
    (23
    )
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    162
     
     
     
    28
     


    Earnings from equity investees
     
     
    (6
    )
     
     
    (11
    )
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Asset impairment
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    —
     


    Other expenses (income)
     
     
    79
     
     
     
    (15
    )
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    56
     
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    (125
    )
     
     
    89
     


     
     
     


    (Loss) earnings before interest, income taxes
and non-controlling interests
     
     
    (56
    )
     
     
    543
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    580
     
     
     
    1,986
     
     
     
    712
     


     
     
     


    Interest
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    110
     
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    70
     


    (Loss) earnings before income taxes
and non-controlling interests
     
     
    (87
    )
     
     
    516
     
     
     
    37
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    470
     
     
     
    1,881
     
     
     
    642
     


    Income taxes
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    146
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    105
     
     
     
    589
     
     
     
    204
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    (3
    )


     
     
     


    Net (loss) earnings
     
     
    (60
    )
     
     
    370
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    441
     


     
     
     


    Add (deduct)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    18
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    216
     
     
     
    —
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    64
     
     
     
    64
     
     
     
    242
     
     
     
    218
     
     
     
    173
     


    Earnings from equity investees
     
     
    (6
    )
     
     
    (11
    )
     
     
    (2
    )
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    —
     


    Asset impairment
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    —
     


    Stock-based compensation
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    34
     
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    113
     


    Unrealized loss (gain) on
derivative financial instruments
     
     
    28
     
     
     
    (50
    )
     
     
    (34
    )
     
     
    17
     
     
     
    (39
    )
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    6
     


    Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain)
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    (3
    )
     
     
    (12
    )
     
     
    (5
    )
     
     
    62
     
     
     
    (6
    )
     
     
    (50
    )


    Future income taxes
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    (182
    )
     
     
    (44
    )
     
     
    (89
    )
     
     
    (309
    )
     
     
    363
     
     
     
    119
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    (30
    )
     
     
    (3
    )


    Other
     
     
    (25
    )
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    (77
    )
     
     
    47
     


    Net change in non-cash working capital
     
     
    (36
    )
     
     
    (39
    )
     
     
    177
     
     
     
    848
     
     
     
    950
     
     
     
    (1,097
    )
     
     
    (352
    )


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBIT
     
     
    (56
    )
     
     
    543
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    581
     
     
     
    2,016
     
     
     
    715
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    602
     
     
     
    127
     
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    823
     
     
     
    2,321
     
     
     
    888
     


    Capital expenditures
     
     
    (48
    )
     
     
    (56
    )
     
     
    (78
    )
     
     
    (131
    )
     
     
    (313
    )
     
     
    (506
    )
     
     
    (454
    )


    Basic earnings per share
     
     
    (0.38
    )
     
     
    2.36
     
     
     
    0.16
     
     
     
    0.19
     
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    8.39
     
     
     
    3.28
     


    Diluted earnings per share
     
     
    (0.38
    )
     
     
    2.35
     
     
     
    0.16
     
     
     
    0.19
     
     
     
    2.33
     
     
     
    8.34
     
     
     
    3.25
     


     
     
     




Consolidated balance sheets (millions of U.S. dollars)





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Q1
     
     
    Q2
     
     
    Q3
     
     
    Q4
     
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    ASSETS
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Current assets
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Cash and cash equivalents
     
     
    86
     
     
     
    251
     
     
     
    225
     
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    933
     
     
     
    374
     
     
     
    1,509
     


    Accounts receivable
     
     
    1,292
     
     
     
    2,230
     
     
     
    1,869
     
     
     
    1,324
     
     
     
    1,324
     
     
     
    1,242
     
     
     
    821
     


    Inventories
     
     
    3,786
     
     
     
    2,318
     
     
     
    1,992
     
     
     
    2,137
     
     
     
    2,137
     
     
     
    3,047
     
     
     
    961
     


    Prepaid expenses and deposits
     
     
    704
     
     
     
    322
     
     
     
    263
     
     
     
    612
     
     
     
    612
     
     
     
    475
     
     
     
    297
     


    Marketable securities
     
     
    88
     
     
     
    108
     
     
     
    108
     
     
     
    114
     
     
     
    114
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    5,956
     
     
     
    5,229
     
     
     
    4,457
     
     
     
    5,120
     
     
     
    5,120
     
     
     
    5,138
     
     
     
    3,588
     


     
     
     


    Property, plant and equipment
     
     
    1,470
     
     
     
    1,584
     
     
     
    1,686
     
     
     
    1,782
     
     
     
    1,782
     
     
     
    2,036
     
     
     
    1,772
     


    Intangibles
     
     
    653
     
     
     
    640
     
     
     
    627
     
     
     
    617
     
     
     
    617
     
     
     
    653
     
     
     
    73
     


    Goodwill
     
     
    1,794
     
     
     
    1,797
     
     
     
    1,799
     
     
     
    1,801
     
     
     
    1,801
     
     
     
    1,783
     
     
     
    178
     


    Investment in equity investees
     
     
    330
     
     
     
    351
     
     
     
    356
     
     
     
    370
     
     
     
    370
     
     
     
    71
     
     
     
    78
     


    Other assets
     
     
    98
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    98
     
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    95
     
     
     
    156
     
     
     
    143
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    10,301
     
     
     
    9,688
     
     
     
    9,023
     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,837
     
     
     
    5,832
     


     
     
     


    LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Current liabilities
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Bank indebtedness
     
     
    293
     
     
     
    349
     
     
     
    163
     
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    106
     
     
     
    610
     
     
     
    166
     


    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
     
     
    3,269
     
     
     
    2,328
     
     
     
    1,716
     
     
     
    2,475
     
     
     
    2,475
     
     
     
    2,200
     
     
     
    1,100
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    3,562
     
     
     
    2,677
     
     
     
    1,879
     
     
     
    2,581
     
     
     
    2,581
     
     
     
    2,810
     
     
     
    1,266
     


     
     
     


    Long-term debt
     
     
    1,614
     
     
     
    1,637
     
     
     
    1,674
     
     
     
    1,699
     
     
     
    1,699
     
     
     
    1,622
     
     
     
    784
     


    Other liabilities
     
     
    347
     
     
     
    339
     
     
     
    346
     
     
     
    381
     
     
     
    381
     
     
     
    328
     
     
     
    358
     


    Future income tax liabilities
     
     
    701
     
     
     
    549
     
     
     
    543
     
     
     
    521
     
     
     
    521
     
     
     
    725
     
     
     
    237
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    14
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    242
     
     
     
    99
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    6,237
     
     
     
    5,215
     
     
     
    4,456
     
     
     
    5,193
     
     
     
    5,193
     
     
     
    5,727
     
     
     
    2,744
     


     
     
     


    Shareholders’ equity
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Share capital
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Common shares
     
     
    1,963
     
     
     
    1,963
     
     
     
    1,963
     
     
     
    1,969
     
     
     
    1,969
     
     
     
    1,961
     
     
     
    1,972
     


    Contributed surplus
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     


    Retained earnings
     
     
    2,253
     
     
     
    2,614
     
     
     
    2,640
     
     
     
    2,662
     
     
     
    2,662
     
     
     
    2,313
     
     
     
    1,024
     


    Accumulated other comprehensive income
     
     
    (160
    )
     
     
    (112
    )
     
     
    (44
    )
     
     
    (47
    )
     
     
    (47
    )
     
     
    (172
    )
     
     
    84
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    4,064
     
     
     
    4,473
     
     
     
    4,567
     
     
     
    4,592
     
     
     
    4,592
     
     
     
    4,110
     
     
     
    3,088
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    10,301
     
     
     
    9,688
     
     
     
    9,023
     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,837
     
     
     
    5,832
     


     
     
     





Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


     



  Segmented Financial Information

  Product
lines (millions of U.S. dollars, except per tonne amounts)




The supplementary financial and performance data set out below and on the reverse contains certain financial information
and other items that are not measures of our financial performance under either Canadian or U.S. GAAP.







     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    2009
     
     
    2008
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Cost of
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Cost of
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Inventory
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Product Sold
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Inventory
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Product Sold
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
    Cost of
     
     
    and Purchase
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Sales
     
     
     
     
     
     
    and Inventory
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Inventory
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Cost of
     
     
    and Purchase
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Sales
     
     
     
     
     
     
    and Inventory
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Inventory
     


     
     
    Net
     
     
    Product
     
     
    Commitment
     
     
    Gross
     
     
    Gross
     
     
    Tonnes
     
     
    Sales
     
     
    Write-Down
     
     
    Margin
     
     
    Tonnes
     
     
    Net
     
     
    Product
     
     
    Commitment
     
     
    Gross
     
     
    Gross
     
     
    Tonnes
     
     
    Sales
     
     
    Write-Down
     
     
    Margin
     
     
    Tonnes
     


     
     
    Sales
     
     
    Sold
     
     
    Write-Down
     
     
    Profit
     
     
    Profit (%)
     
     
    (000s)
     
     
    ($/Tonnes)
     
     
    ($/Tonne)
     
     
    ($/Tonne)
     
     
    (000s)
     
     
    Sales
     
     
    Sold
     
     
    Write-Down
     
     
    Profit
     
     
    Profit (%)
     
     
    (000s)
     
     
    ($/Tonne)
     
     
    ($/Tonne)
     
     
    ($/Tonne)
     
     
    (000s)
     





     
     
     


    Retail
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Crop nutrients
     
     
    2,522
     
     
     
    2,310
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    212
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    2,718
     
     
     
    1,998
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    627
     
     
     
    23
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Crop protection products
     
     
    2,638
     
     
     
    1,990
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    648
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    2,115
     
     
     
    1,539
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    576
     
     
     
    27
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Seed, services and other
     
     
    1,004
     
     
     
    682
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    322
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    683
     
     
     
    460
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    223
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    6,164
     
     
     
    4,982
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1,182
     
     
     
    19
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    5,516
     
     
     
    3,997
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    1,426
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


    North America
     
     
    5,968
     
     
     
    4,811
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1,157
     
     
     
    19
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    5,185
     
     
     
    3,746
     
     
     
    85
     
     
     
    1,354
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    International
     
     
    196
     
     
     
    171
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    331
     
     
     
    251
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    72
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Wholesale
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Nitrogen
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Ammonia
     
     
    444
     
     
     
    284
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    159
     
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    1,085
     
     
     
    409
     
     
     
    262
     
     
     
    147
     
     
     
    204
     
     
     
    623
     
     
     
    405
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    218
     
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    1,046
     
     
     
    596
     
     
     
    388
     
     
     
    208
     
     
     
    285
     


    Urea
     
     
    632
     
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    266
     
     
     
    42
     
     
     
    1,972
     
     
     
    320
     
     
     
    185
     
     
     
    135
     
     
     
    188
     
     
     
    864
     
     
     
    455
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    409
     
     
     
    47
     
     
     
    1,639
     
     
     
    527
     
     
     
    277
     
     
     
    250
     
     
     
    219
     


    Other
     
     
    171
     
     
     
    183
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    (13
    )
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    709
     
     
     
    241
     
     
     
    259
     
     
     
    (18
    )
     
     
    155
     
     
     
    328
     
     
     
    243
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    85
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    866
     
     
     
    379
     
     
     
    281
     
     
     
    98
     
     
     
    187
     


     
     
     


    Total Nitrogen
     
     
    1,247
     
     
     
    833
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    412
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    3,766
     
     
     
    331
     
     
     
    222
     
     
     
    109
     
     
     
    547
     
     
     
    1,815
     
     
     
    1,103
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    712
     
     
     
    39
     
     
     
    3,551
     
     
     
    511
     
     
     
    310
     
     
     
    201
     
     
     
    691
     


    Potash
     
     
    333
     
     
     
    159
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    174
     
     
     
    52
     
     
     
    763
     
     
     
    436
     
     
     
    208
     
     
     
    228
     
     
     
    305
     
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    184
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    632
     
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    1,686
     
     
     
    484
     
     
     
    109
     
     
     
    375
     
     
     
    210
     


    Phosphate
     
     
    436
     
     
     
    396
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    9
     
     
     
    1,004
     
     
     
    434
     
     
     
    396
     
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    94
     
     
     
    847
     
     
     
    426
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    421
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    906
     
     
     
    935
     
     
     
    470
     
     
     
    465
     
     
     
    182
     


    Product purchased for resale
     
     
    816
     
     
     
    797
     
     
     
    56
     
     
     
    (37
    )
     
     
    (5
    )
     
     
    2,672
     
     
     
    305
     
     
     
    319
     
     
     
    (14
    )
     
     
    348
     
     
     
    971
     
     
     
    892
     
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    (42
    )
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    1,781
     
     
     
    545
     
     
     
    569
     
     
     
    (24
    )
     
     
    886
     


    Other
     
     
    187
     
     
     
    131
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    55
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    567
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    89
     
     
     
    237
     
     
     
    169
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    68
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    583
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    3,019
     
     
     
    2,316
     
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    642
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    8,772
     
     
     
    344
     
     
     
    271
     
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    1,383
     
     
     
    4,686
     
     
     
    2,774
     
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    1,791
     
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    8,507
     
     
     
    551
     
     
     
    340
     
     
     
    211
     
     
     
    2,077
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Advanced Technologies
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Turf and ornamental
     
     
    222
     
     
     
    186
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    34
     
     
     
    15
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    239
     
     
     
    194
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    43
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Agriculture
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    62
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    20
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    113
     
     
     
    77
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
    304
     
     
     
    248
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    54
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    352
     
     
     
    271
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    79
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


    Other inter-segment eliminations
     
     
    (358
    )
     
     
    (423
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    65
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    (523
    )
     
     
    (450
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (73
    )
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Total
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    7,123
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    1,943
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    6,592
     
     
     
    216
     
     
     
    3,223
     
     
     
    32
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     





  Results by segment (millions of U.S. dollars)





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    2009
     
    2008


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Advanced
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Advanced
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Retail
     
     
    Wholesale
     
     
    Technology
     
     
    Other
     
     
    Total
     
     
    Retail
     
     
    Wholesale
     
     
    Technology
     
     
    Other
     
     
    Total
     





     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    6,164
     
     
     
    3,019
     
     
     
    304
     
     
     
    (358
    )
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    5,516
     
     
     
    4,686
     
     
     
    352
     
     
     
    (523
    )
     
     
    10,031
     


    Cost of product sold
     
     
    4,982
     
     
     
    2,316
     
     
     
    248
     
     
     
    (423
    )
     
     
    7,123
     
     
     
    3,997
     
     
     
    2,774
     
     
     
    271
     
     
     
    (450
    )
     
     
    6,592
     


    Inventory and purchase commitment write-down
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    63
     
     
     
    93
     
     
     
    121
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    216
     


     
     
     


    Gross profit
     
     
    1,182
     
     
     
    642
     
     
     
    54
     
     
     
    65
     
     
     
    1,943
     
     
     
    1,426
     
     
     
    1,791
     
     
     
    79
     
     
     
    (73
    )
     
     
    3,223
     


    Gross profit (%)
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    18
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    38
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    32
     


    Expenses
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Selling
     
     
    882
     
     
     
    34
     
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    (11
    )
     
     
    918
     
     
     
    788
     
     
     
    29
     
     
     
    6
     
     
     
    (8
    )
     
     
    815
     


    General and administrative
     
     
    61
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    36
     
     
     
    75
     
     
     
    202
     
     
     
    59
     
     
     
    24
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    78
     
     
     
    192
     


    Depreciation and amortization
     
     
    103
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    124
     
     
     
    80
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    10
     
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    110
     


    Potash profit and capital tax
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    162
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    162
     


    Earnings from equity investees
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (22
    )
     
     
    (5
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (4
    )
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    (4
    )


    Asset impairment
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    87
     


    Other (income) expenses
     
     
    (27
    )
     
     
    97
     
     
     
    (1
    )
     
     
    73
     
     
     
    142
     
     
     
    19
     
     
     
    37
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    (184
    )
     
     
    (125
    )


     
     
     


    Earnings before interest expense,
income taxes and non-controlling interests
     
     
    163
     
     
     
    494
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    (80
    )
     
     
    580
     
     
     
    480
     
     
     
    1,448
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    1,986
     


    Non-controlling interests
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    1
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    30
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    30
     


     
     
     


    EBIT
     
     
    163
     
     
     
    495
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    (80
    )
     
     
    581
     
     
     
    480
     
     
     
    1,478
     
     
     
    33
     
     
     
    25
     
     
     
    2,016
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    266
     
     
     
    607
     
     
     
    22
     
     
     
    (72
    )
     
     
    823
     
     
     
    560
     
     
     
    1,670
     
     
     
    50
     
     
     
    41
     
     
     
    2,321
     


     
     
     







  Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


Performance

Key ratios





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions of U.S. dollars except where otherwise noted)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    DATA
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Net sales
     
     
    9,129
     
     
     
    10,031
     
     
     
    5,270
     


    EBIT
     
     
    581
     
     
     
    2,016
     
     
     
    715
     


    EBITDA
     
     
    823
     
     
     
    2,321
     
     
     
    888
     


    Net earnings
     
     
    366
     
     
     
    1,322
     
     
     
    441
     


    Cash provided by operating activities
     
     
    1,404
     
     
     
    1,044
     
     
     
    494
     


    Working capital
     
     
    2,539
     
     
     
    2,328
     
     
     
    2,322
     


    Total assets
     
     
    9,785
     
     
     
    9,837
     
     
     
    5,832
     


    Total debt
     
     
    1,805
     
     
     
    2,232
     
     
     
    950
     


    Shareholders’ equity
     
     
    4,592
     
     
     
    4,110
     
     
     
    3,088
     


    Enterprise value
     
     
    10,528
     
     
     
    7,216
     
     
     
    10,850
     


    Number of employees
     
     
    11,153
     
     
     
    10,975
     
     
     
    6,618
     


    VALUE RATIOS (:1 except per share amounts)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    EBITDA per share
     
     
    5.24
     
     
     
    14.69
     
     
     
    6.58
     


    Price to earnings ratio (P/E)
     
     
    26
     
     
     
    4
     
     
     
    22
     


    Price to operating cash flow (P/CF)
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    5
     
     
     
    20
     


    Enterprise value to EBITDA
     
     
    13
     
     
     
    3
     
     
     
    12
     


    Price to book value
     
     
    2.1
     
     
     
    1.3
     
     
     
    3.7
     


    Shareholders’ equity to total assets
     
     
    0.5
     
     
     
    0.4
     
     
     
    0.5
     


    Book value per common share
     
     
    29.25
     
     
     
    26.18
     
     
     
    19.54
     


    LIQUIDITY RATIOS (:1)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Quick ratio
     
     
    1.2
     
     
     
    0.7
     
     
     
    2.1
     


    Current ratio
     
     
    2.0
     
     
     
    1.8
     
     
     
    2.8
     


    Working capital to net sales
     
     
    0.3
     
     
     
    0.2
     
     
     
    0.4
     


    Net sales to total assets
     
     
    0.9
     
     
     
    1.0
     
     
     
    0.9
     


    Total asset turnover
     
     
    0.9
     
     
     
    1.3
     
     
     
    1.2
     


    PROFITABILITY RATIOS (%)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Return on average invested capital
     
     
    7
     
     
     
    28
     
     
     
    17
     


    Return on average shareholders’ equity
     
     
    8
     
     
     
    37
     
     
     
    20
     


    DEBT RATIOS (:1 except percentages)
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Debt to debt plus equity (%)
     
     
    28
     
     
     
    35
     
     
     
    24
     


    Net debt to net debt plus equity (%)
     
     
    16
     
     
     
    31
     
     
     
    (22
    )


    EBIT interest coverage
     
     
    5.3
     
     
     
    19.2
     
     
     
    10.2
     


    EBITDA interest coverage
     
     
    7.5
     
     
     
    22.1
     
     
     
    12.7
     





Ratio definitions





     
     
     




    EBIT =

     
    net earnings (loss) before interest expense and income taxes


     
     
     


    EBITDA =

     
    net earnings (loss) before interest expense, income taxes,
depreciation, amortization and asset impairment


     
     
     


    Enterprise value =

     
    net debt + (period end shares outstanding x closing share price)


     
     
     


    Price to earnings =

     
    closing share price


     

     
    diluted earnings per share + asset impairment (after tax) per share


     
     
     


    Price to book value =

     
    closing share price


     

     
    shareholders’ equity / period end shares outstanding


     
     
     


    Quick ratio =

     
    current assets — inventories


     

     
    current liabilities


     
     
     


    Current ratio =

     
    current assets / current liabilities


     
     
     


    Total asset turnover =

     
    net sales / average total assets


     
     
     


    Return on average invested capital =

     
    EBIT after income taxes / average invested capital


     
     
     


    Return on average shareholders’ equity =

     
    net earnings (loss) / average shareholders’ equity


     
     
     


    Debt to debt plus equity =

     
    debt (bank indebtedness and long-term debt)


     

     
    debt + shareholders’ equity


     
     
     


    Net debt to net debt plus equity =

     
    net debt (bank indebtedness and long-term debt, less cash)


     

     
    net debt + shareholders’ equity


     
     
     


    EBIT interest coverage =

     
    EBIT / interest expense





Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


Capital Stock & Trading History

Common share data





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (millions, except where otherwise noted)
     
    2009
     
     
    2008
     
     
    2007
     





     


    Average share price (USD)
     
     
    45.46
     
     
     
    68.17
     
     
     
    45.14
     


    Closing share price (USD)
     
     
    61.50
     
     
     
    34.13
     
     
     
    72.21
     


    Average share price (CAD)
     
     
    51.18
     
     
     
    71.09
     
     
     
    47.71
     


    Closing share price (CAD)
     
     
    65.42
     
     
     
    41.47
     
     
     
    71.67
     


    Period end common shares outstanding
     
     
    157
     
     
     
    157
     
     
     
    158
     


    Period end diluted shares outstanding
     
     
    158
     
     
     
    158
     
     
     
    159
     


    U.S. trading volume
     
     
    843
     
     
     
    1,329
     
     
     
    399
     


    Canadian trading volume
     
     
    267
     
     
     
    437
     
     
     
    199
     


    Total trading volume
     
     
    1,110
     
     
     
    1,766
     
     
     
    598
     


    Market capitalization (USD)
     
     
    9,656
     
     
     
    5,358
     
     
     
    11,409
     


    Market capitalization (CAD)
     
     
    10,271
     
     
     
    6,511
     
     
     
    11,324
     


    Dividends per share (USD)
     
     
    11¢
     
     
     
    11¢
     
     
     
    11¢
     









     
     
     
     
     


    Debt ratings
     
     
     


    as at December 31, 2009
     
    Senior Unsecured Notes and Debentures
     





     


    Moody’s Investors Service
     
    Baa2


    DBRS
     
    BBB


    Standard & Poor’s
     
    BBB





Source is MD&A



Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 


General Information





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Annual Wholesale production capacity by product group
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    (000s of tonnes) (a)
     
    Nitrogen
     
     
    Phosphate
     
     
    Potash
     





     


    Canada
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Carseland, Alberta
     
     
    680
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Ft. Saskatchewan, Alberta
     
     
    700
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Joffre, Alberta
     
     
    480
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Redwater, Alberta
     
     
    1,365
     
     
     
    660
     
     
     
    —
     


    Standard/Granum, Alberta
     
     
    120
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Vanscoy, Saskatchewan
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    2,050
     


     


    Total Canada
     
     
    3,345
     
     
     
    660
     
     
     
    2,050
     


     


    United States
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Borger, Texas
     
     
    529
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Cincinnati, Ohio (b)
     
     
    110
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Conda, Idaho
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    535
     
     
     
    —
     


    Kennewick, Washington (b)
     
     
    430
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    West Sacramento, California (b)
     
     
    204
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     


    Total United States
     
     
    1,273
     
     
     
    535
     
     
     
    —
     


     


    International
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Profertil, Argentina (c)
     
     
    635
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     


    Total International
     
     
    635
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


     


    Total
     
     
    5,253
     
     
     
    1,195
     
     
     
    2,050
     


     








    (a)
     
    Net production



     

    (b)
     
    Upgrade facilities which use purchased ammonia in production of upgrade products
including UAN, Urea, and Nitric Acid.



     

    (c)
     
    Represents 50 percent Profertil S.A. production.




Product analysis





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
    Nutrient      
     


     
     
    Nitrogen
     
     
    Phosphorous
     
     
    Potassium
     
     
    Sulfur
     


     
     
    (%N)
     
     
    (%P2O5)
     
     
    (%K2O)
     
     
    (%S)
     





     


    Anhyrous ammonia
     
     
    82
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Urea
     
     
    46
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Urea ammonium nitrate solutions (UAN)
     
     
    28-32
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Monoammonium phosphate (MAP)
     
     
    11
     
     
     
    52
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Superphosphoric acid (SPA)
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    70
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     


    Muriate of potash
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    60
     
     
     
    —
     


    Ammonium sulfate
     
     
    21
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    —
     
     
     
    24
     





Production factors





     
     
     




    Ammonia (82% N)
     
    production of 1 tonne of ammonia requires:


     
     
    32-38 MMBtu of natural gas


     
     
     


     


    Urea (46% N)
     
    production of 1 tonne of urea requires:


     
     
    0.58 tonne of ammonia


     
     
    0.76 tonne of carbon dioxide


     


    MAP (monoammonium phosphate)
     
    production of 1 tonne of MAP requires:


     
     
    0.128 tonne of ammonia


     
     
    1.35 tonnes of 40% P2O5 phosphoric acid


     
     
    1 tonne of phosphoric acid requires:


     
     
    1.32 tonnes of phosphate rock


     
     
    1.12 tonnes of sulfuric acid


     


    UAN (32% N)
     
    production of 1 tonne of UAN requires:


     
     
    0.443 tonne of ammonium nitrate


     
     
    0.354 tonne of urea


     





Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report

 



 



Corporate & shareholder information



Corporate and Wholesale Head Office
Agrium Inc.
13131 Lake Fraser Drive SE
Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2J 7E8
Telephone (403) 225-7000
Fax (403) 225-7609



Advanced Technologies Head Office
Agrium Advanced Technologies (U.S.) Inc.
2915 Rocky Mountain Avenue
Loveland, Colorado, U.S. 80538
Telephone (970) 292-9000
Fax (970) 292-9014



Retail Head Offices
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Crop Production Services, Inc.
7251 W. 4th Street
Greeley, Colorado, U.S. 80634
Telephone (970) 356-4400

SOUTH AMERICA
Agroservicios Pampeanos S.A. (ASP)
Dardo Rocha 3278, Piso 2
(B1640FTX) Martinez
Provincia de Buenos Aires, Argentina
Telephone 54-11-4717-6441
Fax 54-11-4717-4833
Miguel Morley, Managing Director, South America



Wholesale Sales Offices
CANADA
Agrium Inc.
13131 Lake Fraser Drive SE
Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2J 7E8
Telephone (403) 225-7000
Fax (403) 225-7618
Breen Neeser, Vice President,  
Wholesale North American Sales



UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Agrium U.S. Inc.
4582 South Ulster Street, Suite 1700
Denver, Colorado, U.S. 80237
Telephone (303) 804-4400
Fax (303) 267-1319
Mike Dennerlein, Director, Eastern Sales



ARGENTINA
Profertil S.A.
Puerto Ingeniero White
Zona Cangrejales
Bahía Blanca (8103)
Buenos Aires Province, Argentina
Telephone 54-291-459-8191
Fax 54-291-459-8036
Daniel Pettarin, General Manager



Annual and Special Meeting


The Annual and Special Meeting of the shareholders of Agrium Inc. will be held at 11:00 a.m.
(MST) on Wednesday, May 12, 2010, Agrium Place, 13131 Lake Fraser Drive S.E., Calgary, Alberta.
Shareholders of record on March 23, 2010, are urged to attend and participate in the business of
the meeting. It will be carried live on the Company’s web site
at www.agrium.com.

Investor & media relations contact
Richard Downey
Senior Director, Investor Relations
Telephone (403) 225-7357
Fax (403) 225-7609



Privacy officer
Telephone (403) 225-7542
Toll Free (877) 247-4866
E-mail privacyofficer@agrium.com



Auditors
KPMG LLP
Suite 2700, 205 – 5 Avenue SW
Bow Valley Square II
Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2P 4B9
Telephone (403) 691-8000
Fax (403) 691-8008



Transfer agent – Common shares
CIBC Mellon Trust Company
P.O. Box 7010
Adelaide Street Postal Station
Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5C 2W9
Telephone
Outside North America (416) 643-5500
Inside North America (800) 387-0825
Fax (416) 643-5501
E-mail inquiries@cibcmellon.com
Web site www.cibcmellon.com

Trustee – Unsecured notes and debentures
The Bank of New York Mellon
P.O. Box 396
111 Sanders Creek Parkway
East Syracuse, New York, U.S. 13057
Attention: Bondholder Relations
Telephone (800) 254-2826
Web site http://bondholders.bnymellon.com



Corporate web site
www.agrium.com

Inquiries about shareholdings, share transfer requirements,
elimination of duplicate mailings, address changes or
lost certificates should be directed to CIBC Mellon Trust
Company.



designed and produced by nonfiction studios inc.



133      Agrium   |   2009 Annual Report






 









Agrium Inc.

13131 Lake Fraser Drive SE
Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2J 7E8
Telephone (403) 225-7000

Agrium U.S. Inc.
4582 South Ulster Street, Suite 1700
Denver, Colorado, U.S. 80237
Telephone (303) 804-4400

NYSE and TSX: AGU
www.agrium.com



Annual and special Meeting

Annual and Special Meeting The Annual and Special Meeting of the shareholders of Agrium Inc. will
be held at 11:00 a.m. (MST) on May 12, 2010 – Agrium Place, 13131 Lake Fraser Drive S.E., Calgary,
Alberta. Shareholders of record on March 23, 2010 are urged to attend and participate in the
business of the meeting. It will be carried live on the Company’s web site at
www.agrium.com.