exv99w4






Exhibit 99.4



Execution Copy



Lock-up deed



Pyne Gould Corporation Limited (Vendor)
Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (Purchaser)







20th Floor, Lumley Centre, 88 Shortland Street, Auckland 1010
TEL + 64 9 3539700 FAX + 64 9 3539701
www.minterellison.co.nz








 



Lock-Up Deed






     
     
     
     
     





    Details
     
     
    4
     


     
     
     
     
     


    Agreed terms
     
     
    5
     


     
     
     
     
     


    1. Defined terms and interpretation
     
     
    5
     


    1.1 Defined terms
     
     
    5
     


    1.2 Interpretation
     
     
    5
     


     
     
     
     
     


    2. Offer
     
     
    6
     


    2.1 Offer
     
     
    6
     


    2.2 Variations to the Offer Document
     
     
    6
     


    2.3 Date of Offer
     
     
    6
     


    2.4 Termination
     
     
    6
     


    2.5 Adverse changes
     
     
    7
     


    2.6 Provisions relating to OIO Consent
     
     
    7
     


     
     
     
     
     


    3. Vendor’s obligations
     
     
    7
     


    3.1 Lock-up
     
     
    7
     


    3.2 Acceptance of offer
     
     
    7
     


    3.3 Limitation on number of shares to be purchased
     
     
    7
     


    3.4 Warranties
     
     
    8
     


     
     
     
     
     


    4. Compliance with law
     
     
    8
     


    4.1 No voting rights
     
     
    8
     


    4.2 No acquisition
     
     
    8
     


    4.3 SSH notices and other disclosure obligations
     
     
    8
     


     
     
     
     
     


    5. Confidentiality and publicity
     
     
    8
     


    5.1 Confidentiality
     
     
    8
     


    5.2 Publicity
     
     
    9
     


     
     
     
     
     


    6. Nominee
     
     
    9
     


    6.1 Nominee to take the Purchaser’s place
     
     
    9
     


     
     
     
     
     


    7. General
     
     
    9
     


    7.1 Entire agreement
     
     
    9
     


    7.2 Further action
     
     
    9
     


    7.3 Severability
     
     
    9
     


    7.4 Waiver
     
     
    9
     


    7.5 No agency
     
     
    9
     


    7.6 Counterparts
     
     
    10
     


    7.7 Notices:
     
     
    10
     


    7.8 Amendments
     
     
    11
     


    7.9 Governing law
     
     
    11
     

 


    Signing page
     
     
    12
     

 


    Schedule 1 — Draft offer document
     
     
    13
     









    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: SYS
2076850

     
     | page 2











 



Details








     
     
     






Date

     
    23 December 2010



     
     
     



Parties

     
     


     
     
     





    Name

     
    Pyne Gould Corporation Limited


    Short name

     
    Vendor


     
     
     


    Name

     
    Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.


    Short name

     
    Purchaser






Background







    A 
     
    The Vendor is the holder of or has control over 138,827,080 shares in PGG Wrightson
Limited (Company). Under the terms of this deed the Vendor has agreed to sell the Shares into a
takeover offer to be made by the Purchaser in compliance with the Takeovers Code.








    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: SYS
2076850

     
     | page 4














 



Agreed terms







    1.
     
    Defined terms and interpretation



     

    1.1
     
    Defined terms



     

     
     
    In this document:



     

     
     
    Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Auckland, New
Zealand;



     

     
     
    Draft Offer Document means the document attached as Schedule 1;



     

     
     
    Offer has the meaning in clause 2.1;



     

     
     
    OIO means the Overseas Investment Office;



     

     
     
    Shares means the 138,827,080 shares in the Company held or controlled by the Vendor;



     

     
     
    Takeovers Code means the code recorded in the Takeovers Code Approval Order 2000; and



     

     
     
    Restricted Period means the period from the date of this deed until the earlier of the date
this deed is terminated in accordance with clause 2.4 and the date the Offer is accepted by
the Vendor.



     

    1.2
     
    Interpretation



     

     
     
    In this deed, unless the context otherwise requires:









     
    (a)
     
    Headings to clauses are for reference only and are not an aid to interpretation.



     

     
    (b)
     
    References to statutory provisions or subordinate legislation will be construed
as references to those provisions as they may be amended or re-enacted or as their
application is modified by other provisions from time to time provided that, as between
the parties, no such amendment or re-enactment shall apply for the purposes of this
deed to the extent that it would impose any new or extended obligation, liability or
restriction on, or otherwise adversely affect the rights of, any party.



     

     
    (c)
     
    References to currency are to New Zealand currency.



     

     
    (d)
     
    References to a party are to a party to this deed and include that party’s
successors in title and permitted substitutes and assigns (and, where applicable, the
party’s legal personal representatives).



     

     
    (e)
     
    All periods of time include the day on which the period commences and also the
day on which the period ends.



     

     
    (f)
     
    Any date which is not a working day, upon or by which anything is due to be
done, will be deemed to be a reference to the next working day.



     

     
    (g)
     
    References to clauses and schedules are to clauses of and schedules to this deed.



     

     
    (h)
     
    Derivatives of any defined word or term shall have a corresponding meaning.



     

     
    (i)
     
    The words “including”, “other” and “otherwise” and other similar words
do not imply any limitation.



     

     
    (j)
     
    The plural includes the singular and vice versa.









    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: SYS
2076850

     
     | page 5










 







     
    (k)
     
    A reference to any document or agreement (including this deed) includes a
reference to that document or agreement, together with any schedules or annexures, as
amended, novated or replaced from time to time.









    2.
     
    Offer



     

    2.1
     
    Offer



     

     
     
    Subject to clause 2.5, the Purchaser shall make a takeover offer for the acquisition of
38.3% of the shares in the Company (234,963,939 shares) not currently held by the Purchaser
and which taken together with the shares in the Company that the Purchaser already owns will
result in the Purchaser acquiring 50.01% of the shares in the Company, under rule 41 of the
Takeovers Code at a price of not less than $0.60 per share and substantially on the terms
and conditions set out in the Draft Offer Document, which shall comply with the Takeovers
Code.



     

    2.2
     
    Variations to the Offer Document



     

     
     
    The Vendor acknowledges that the Draft Offer Document is not in final form and may be
amended by the Purchaser prior to the offer being made, provided that no such amendment
materially and detrimentally affects the rights or obligations of the Vendor as set out in
the Draft Offer Document which shall be deemed to include any materially adverse amendments
to the terms of any of the conditions to the Draft Offer Document and the latest date that
the Purchaser can declare the Offer unconditional, being 15 April 2011, set out in
paragraphs 3.5 and 4.1 of the Draft Offer Document (unless the Vendor agrees to such
amendments in writing) and for the avoidance of doubt no change can be made to reduce the
Offer price.



     

    2.3
     
    Date of Offer



     

     
     
    Subject to clause 2.5, the Purchaser shall:









     
    (a)
     
    Give a takeover notice in respect of the Offer to the Company in accordance
with rule 41 of the Takeovers Code no later than the end of the fourth (4th)
Business Day following the execution of this deed;



     

     
    (b)
     
    Make the Offer in accordance with rule 45 of the Takeovers Code within a
further thirty (30) days of the giving of the notice referred to in sub-clause 2.3(a)
above; and



     

     
    (c)
     
    Obtain OIO consent to the Offer (OIO Consent) by the 15th of April 2011 and
will advise the Vendor as soon as it has obtained such consent.









    2.4
     
    Termination



     

     
     
    If:









     
    (a)
     
    the Purchaser has not complied with its obligations under clause 2.3(a) or
2.3(b) by the dates stipulated in each sub-clause, or



     

     
    (b)
     
    the Offer is withdrawn in accordance with the Takeovers Code, or



     

     
    (c)
     
    the Purchaser has not obtained OIO Consent by the 15th of April 2011,



     

     
     
     
    then either party may, by written notice to the other party, terminate this deed
with effect from the time such notice is received or deemed to be received in
accordance with clause 7.7. Upon such termination this deed will be of no further
force or effect and, except in respect of a breach of this deed occurring before
termination or as otherwise expressed or implied in this deed, no party will have
any claim against any other party arising under or in connection with this deed.




Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref:SYS
2076850
|
page 6




 







    2.5
     
    Adverse changes



     

     
     
    If any of the events or circumstances described in clauses 3 and 4 of the Draft Offer
Document occur:









     
    (a)
     
    between the date of execution of this deed and the date the Purchaser gives a
takeover notice under clause 2.3(a), the Purchaser shall be under no obligation to give
such notice; or



     

     
    (b)
     
    between the date of execution of this deed and the date the Purchaser
makes an Offer under clause 2.1, the Purchaser shall be under no obligation to
make that Offer.









     
     
    If any of the circumstances in clauses 2.5(a) or 2.5(b) occurs, the Purchaser will give
notice to the Vendor and on receipt of that notice by the Vendor either party may by
written notice to the other party terminate this deed and the provisions of clause 2.4
will apply mutatis mutandi.



     

    2.6
     
    Provisions relating to OIO Consent



     

     
     
    For the purposes of the Purchaser’s application for OIO Consent, the Vendor agrees
to promptly provide the Purchaser’s advisers with all records and information which the
Purchaser’s advisers may require, including the proposed use of the proceeds of sale, in
respect of the Shares.



     

    3.
     
    Vendor’s obligations



     

    3.1
     
    Lock-up



     

     
     
    The Vendor shall not during the Restricted Period:









     
    (a)
     
    sell, encumber, create any interest in respect of, or otherwise dispose of or
agree to sell, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of the Shares (other than by
accepting the Offer) in anyway whatsoever, directly or indirectly except any interest
the Vendor is required to provide in accordance with the terms of the General Security
Deed relating to all indebtedness of the Vendor to MARAC Finance Limited, dated 29
October 2009 between Pyne Gould Corporation Limited and MARAC Finance Limited (the
General Security Deed); or



     

     
    (b)
     
    discuss with any party, take any action or instruct any body to discuss with
any party or to take any action on its behalf, participate in, assist with, solicit,
canvass, approach or accept an approach from a person, induce or help to induce or
otherwise be directly or indirectly involved or interested in any capacity, in
discussions or actions in connection with or related to, directly or indirectly, the
Offer, its Shares or the contents of this deed. For clarity, the above will include,
but not be limited to, interfering with the proposed Offer (including by taking any
steps or omission to defeat the Offer) in any way otherwise than in accordance with the
terms and conditions of this deed.









    3.2
     
    Acceptance of offer



     

     
     
    The Vendor shall accept the Offer in respect of all of its Shares within three (3)
Business Days of the Offer being dispatched in accordance with the Takeovers Code. The
Vendor’s acceptance of the Offer will not be affected by any variation of the Offer made in
accordance with the Takeovers Code but any variation in the consideration offered under the
Offer will be made in accordance with and subject to the Takeovers Code.



     

    3.3
     
    Limitation on number of shares to be purchased



     

     
     
    The Vendor acknowledges and agrees that the Offer is a “partial takeover offer”, made
in accordance with rules 9 to 14 of the Takeovers Code. Therefore the total number of shares
held or





Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref:SYS
2076850
|
page 7





 








     
     
    controlled by the Vendor which will be finally acquired by the Purchaser will depend on the
other acceptances received by the Purchaser under its Offer. In consequence, despite the
fact that the Vendor is obliged to tender all its Shares in the Offer in accordance with
clause 3.2 above, the number of shares held or controlled by the Vendor that the Purchaser
will finally purchase from the Vendor under the Offer may be less than all the Shares.



     

    3.4
     
    Warranties



     

     
     
    The Vendor warrants that at the time of execution of this deed:









     
    (a)
     
    subject to the Vendor’s obligations under the General Security Deed , the
Vendor is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Shares and has full power,
capacity and authority to sell the Shares; and



     

     
    (b)
     
    the Shares are fully paid and no money is owing in respect of them.









    4.
     
    Compliance with law



     

    4.1
     
    No voting rights



     

     
     
    Nothing in this deed shall give the Purchaser control of, or result in the Purchaser
holding, the voting rights attaching to the Shares and the Vendor may exercise or control
the exercise of such rights at its discretion until the Shares are transferred under the
Offer.



     

    4.2
     
    No acquisition



     

     
     
    The Vendor acknowledges that by executing this deed it becomes an associate (as defined
in the Takeovers Code) of the Purchaser and accordingly the Vendor agrees that it shall not
acquire any further legal or beneficial interest in any shares in the Company, or enter into
any agreement or arrangement affecting the voting rights in any such shares, or otherwise
take any action that would be in breach of the Takeovers Code.



     

    4.3
     
    SSH notices and other disclosure obligations



     

     
     
    If required under the Securities Markets Act 1988 or other local or international
statute or regulation, the Purchaser (or any of its related parties) shall, promptly
following the execution of this deed, file a substantial security holder notice in
accordance with sections 23 and 24 of that Act or any other required disclosure. For
clarity, the provisions in clause 5 shall not apply to disclosure or notices required in
accordance with this clause.



     

    5.
     
    Confidentiality and publicity



     

    5.1
     
    Confidentiality



     

     
     
    The parties shall not reveal any information concerning this deed or its subject matter
to any third party other than:









     
    (a)
     
    as required by law or the rules of any applicable stock exchange. In such a
case, the disclosing party shall to the extent practicable notify the other party
before making any disclosure and shall take into account any reasonable comment or
request of the other party for any such disclosure;



     

     
    (b)
     
    in good faith and in proper furtherance of the objects of this deed;



     

     
    (c)
     
    to its professional advisers, bankers, financial advisers, and financiers, if
those persons undertake to keep the information disclosed confidential;






Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref:SYS
2076850
|
page 8



 








     
    (d)
     
    to any of its employees to whom it is necessary to disclose the
information if those employees undertake to keep the information confidential; or



     

     
    (e)
     
    information already in the public domain;









     
     
    and in any such case, the disclosure of information shall be made on terms consistent with
this deed, on a “need to know basis” and on terms consistent with any other written
statements agreed in writing between the parties.



     

    5.2
     
    Publicity



     

     
     
    Neither party shall issue any press release, announcement or statement of information
concerning this deed or its subject matter without the prior written approval of the other
party, except as otherwise contemplated by this deed or as required by law or the rules of
any applicable stock exchange.



     

    6.
     
    Nominee



     

    6.1
     
    Nominee to take the Purchaser’s place



     

     
     
    Notwithstanding any other provision in this deed, the Purchaser will be entitled to
nominate a subsidiary to be the offeror under the Offer in which case such nominee will be
considered to be the Purchaser (with all the rights and obligations of the Purchaser) under
this deed. Notwithstanding such nomination, Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. will remain liable to
the Vendor for all of the Purchaser’s obligations under this deed and any breach by the
Purchaser of its obligations under this deed.



     

    7.
     
    General



     

    7.1
     
    Entire agreement



     

     
     
    This deed constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in connection with
its subject matter and supersedes all previous agreements or understandings between the
parties in connection with its subject matter.



     

    7.2
     
    Further action



     

     
     
    Each party must do, at its own expense, everything reasonably necessary (including
executing documents) to give full effect to this deed and the transactions contemplated by
it.



     

    7.3
     
    Severability



     

     
     
    A term or part of a term of this deed that is illegal or unenforceable may be severed
from this deed and the remaining terms or part of a term of this deed continue in force.



     

    7.4
     
    Waiver



     

     
     
    A party does not waive a right, power or remedy if it fails to exercise or delays in
exercising the right, power or remedy. A single or partial exercise by a party of a right,
power or remedy does not prevent another or further exercise of that or another right, power
or remedy. A waiver of a right, power or remedy must be in writing and signed by the party
giving the waiver.



     

    7.5
     
    No agency



     

     
     
    Nothing contained in this deed is deemed to constitute any of the parties the agent or
legal representative of any other party except as otherwise expressly provided in this deed.
No party has
authority to assume any obligation or liability on behalf of the other party.






Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref:SYS
2076850
|
page 9




 








    7.6
     
    Counterparts



     

     
     
    This deed can be signed in one or more counterparts (including facsimile copies), each of
which is deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute only one and the
same deed.



     

    7.7
     
    Notices:









     
    (a)
     
    All notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered in person, posted or sent by
facsimile or email to the party concerned at its physical address, email address or
facsimile number as set out below or to such other address or number as it shall advise
to the other party in writing.



     

     
    (b)
     
    A letter shall be deemed to have been given or sent the day after being
deposited in the post.



     

     
    (c)
     
    A notice, request demand or other communication sent by:









     
    (i)
     
    delivered by hand, shall be deemed served when
left at the address of the addressee;



     

     
    (ii)
     
    if sent by pre-paid post, three Business Days (if posted
within New Zealand to an address in New Zealand) or five Business Days (if
posted by airmail from one country to another) after the date of posting;



     

     
    (iii)
     
    sent by facsimile (provided the sending facsimile machine
produces a print-out of the time, date and uninterrupted transmission of the
message) shall be deemed served immediately upon completion of sending;



     

     
    (iv)
     
    sent by email, shall be deemed served on the date and time
at which it enters the addressee’s information system unless a delivery failure
notice has been received by the send, in which case the notice will be deemed
not to have been served,









     
     
     
    provided that if a notice is received or deemed to be received on a on a day which is
not a Business Day, or is received or deemed to be received after 5.00pm on a
Business Day, in the place where the addressee is based, that notice will be deemed
to have been received by the recipient at 9.00am on the next Business Day.








     
     
     
     
     





     

     
    Vendor:

     
    Pyne Gould Corporation Limited


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    PGC Building 233 Cambridge Terrace


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Christchurch


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Attention: Jeff Greenslade/Michael Jonas


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Email: jeff.greensIade@pgc.co.nz/
michael.jonas@pgc.co.nz


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Facsimile: +64 9 520 3709


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
    Copy to:

     
    Bell Gully


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Level 22, 48 Shortland Street


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Auckland


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Attention: Anna Buchly


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Email: anna.buchly@beIlgully.com


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Facsimile: +64 9 916 8801






Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref:SYS
2076850
|
page 10




 







     
     
     
     
     





     

     
    Purchaser:

     
    Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    21/F Tower B, Ping An International Financial Centre, 1-3 Xinyuan South


     

     
     
     
    Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, 100027


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Attention: John Layburn


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Email: john.layburn@agriacorp.com


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Facsimile: +64 9 353 9701 (attention Cathy Quinn)


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
    Copy to:

     
    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Level 20, 88 Shortland Street


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Auckland


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Attention: Cathy Quinn/Silvana Schenone


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Email: cathy.quinn@minterellison.co.nz


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    silvana.schenone@minterellison.co.nz


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Facsimile: +64 9 353 9701










    7.8
     
    Amendments




     

     
     
    This deed may be altered only in writing signed by each party.     



     

    7.9
     
    Governing law



     

     
     
    This deed shall be governed by New Zealand law and the parties submit to the
jurisdiction of the New Zealand Courts.






Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref:SYS
2076850
|
page 11






 



Signing
page


EXECUTED as a deed






     
     
     
     
     
     
     






PYNE GOULD CORPORATION LIMITED 
by:
     
     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    /s/ 
     
     


     

     
     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    Signature of director
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    /s/ 
 
Signature of witness

     
     

     
    J K Greenslade
 
Name of director

     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Martin Dilly
 
Name of witness

     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Solicitor
 
Occupation of witness

     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Auckland
 
City/town of residence

     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     



AGRIA (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD. by:
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     
     
    /s/ 
 
Signature of director

     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    /s/ 
 
Signature of witness

     
     

     
    XIE TAO
 
Name of director

     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    John Layburn
 
Name of witness

     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Chief Strategy & Compliance Officer
 
Occupation of witness

     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Beijing
 
City/town of residence

     
     
     
     
     
     









    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: SYS2076850

     
    | page 12






 




 



Schedule 1 — Draft offer document






    
    
    




     
     
     


    Minter Ellison Rudd Watts |Ref: SYS2076850

     
    | page 13







 






 



PARTIAL TAKEOVER OFFER BY



Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.


to purchase an additional 38.3% of the shares in


PGG Wrightson Limited not currently held by Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.


at NZ$0.60 per share 
made pursuant to the Takeovers Code


To accept this Offer see page 2


IMPORTANT


IF YOU ARE IN DOUBT AS TO ANY ASPECT OF THIS OFFER, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR FINANCIAL OR LEGAL
ADVISOR.


IF YOU HAVE SOLD ALL YOUR SHARES IN PGG WRIGHTSON LIMITED TO WHICH THIS OFFER APPLIES, YOU SHOULD
IMMEDIATELY HAND THIS OFFER DOCUMENT AND THE ACCOMPANYING ACCEPTANCE FORM TO THE PURCHASER, OR THE
AGENT (EG THE BROKER) THROUGH WHOM THE SALE WAS MADE, TO BE PASSED TO THE PURCHASER.


PGG WRIGHTSON LIMITED’S TARGET COMPANY STATEMENT, TOGETHER WITH AN INDEPENDENT ADVISER’S REPORT ON
THE MERITS OF THIS OFFER EITHER ACCOMPANIES THIS OFFER OR WILL BE SENT TO YOU [WITHIN 14 DAYS] AND
SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THIS OFFER.



THIS IS AN IMPORTANT DOCUMENT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE 
ATTENTION


2077929:SYS
1





 



SUMMARY OF OFFER


On 23 December 2010 Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (Agria) announced that it would make a partial
takeover offer for an additional 38.3% of the shares in PGG Wrightson Limited (PGW) that it does
not already hold, which if successful, will bring Agria’s total shareholding in PGW (once the offer
is declared unconditional and the relevant shares are transferred) to 50.01%. The key terms of the
offer are:







    Ø
     
    Consideration of NZ$0.60 per share in PGW.



     

    Ø
     
    Offer closes 5 p.m. on [15 April 2011] (unless extended).



     

    Ø
     
    The offer is conditional. The conditions of the Offer are set out on paragraphs 0 and 4 of
this document.





HOW TO ACCEPT THIS OFFER


To accept the offer by Agria, you should complete the Acceptance Form enclosed with this document,
in accordance with the instructions set out on the Acceptance Form, as soon as possible. Then
deliver, mail or fax the Acceptance Form to:



[Computershare Investor Services Limited
Re: [Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.]
Private Bag 92119
Auckland 1142
159 Hurstmere Road, Takapuna, North Shore City 0622
Facsimile: +64 9 488 8787]


You may accept the offer in respect of all or any of your shares. If you have sold all or some of
your shares, please refer to the instructions on page [17] of this document.


Acceptances must be received by Agria by 5pm on [15 April 2011].


Payments will be made within 7 days of the later of the offer becoming unconditional or the
Closing Date.



IMPORTANT







    Ø
     
    ACCEPTANCES MUST BE RECEIVED BY 5 P.M. ON [15 April 2011].



     

    Ø
     
    IF YOU HAVE LOST YOUR PERSONALISED ACCEPTANCE FORM, OR IF YOU HAVE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS ON HOW
TO ACCEPT THIS OFFER, PLEASE CONTACT [COMPUTERSHARE INVESTOR SERVICES LIMITED ON +64 9 488
8777, OR enquiry@computershare.co.nz, RE: [Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.].





2077929:SYS
2




 






TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PARTIAL TAKEOVER OFFER
BY AGRIA (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD. TO PURCHASE
AN ADDITIONAL 38.3% OF THE SHARES IN PGG WRIGHTSON LIMITED
NOT ALREADY HELD BY AGRIA (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD.


Dear Shareholder,


Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (Agria) hereby offers to acquire, on the terms and conditions set out in
this document (the Offer), an additional 38.3% (the Specified Percentage) of the issued fully paid
ordinary shares in PGG Wrightson Limited (PGW) not currently held by Agria, and which would (once
the Offer is declared unconditional and the relevant shares are transferred) bring Agria’s total
shareholding in PGW to 50.01%. All the shares in PGW are referred to in this Offer as the Shares
and each of them is referred to as a Share.


This Offer is a partial offer for the Shares. As Agria holds 144,104,680 Shares, the Offer is for
the Specified Percentage of the Shares, which are not already held by Agria at the date of this
Offer. In accordance with the Takeovers Code, each holder of Shares is entitled to sell to Agria
pursuant to the Offer, the Specified Percentage of the Shares they hold (Entitlement).


Agria Corporation (the parent company of Agria), Agria and New Hope Group have entered into a
Subscription Agreement whereunder Agria Corporation and New Hope Group jointly and severally
covenant to subscribe for shares in Agria, either directly or indirectly through another company in
the Agria group, and provide other funding support as agreed with Agria, to ensure that Agria is
put in funds to enable it to meet its obligations under the Takeover Offer. Accordingly, if the
Offer becomes unconditional, Agria Corporation and New Hope Group will be the shareholders,
directly or indirectly, of Agria prior to payment by Agria of any consideration payable for the
Shares of acceptors under the Offer.


To the extent holders of Shares do not accept the Offer for their full Entitlement, Agria is
entitled to accept acceptances from holders of Shares who wish to sell more Shares than their
Entitlement. Over-acceptances of this Offer will be dealt with as set out in paragraph 2 below.


This Offer is made subject to the following terms and conditions.







    1
     
    Consideration



     

    1.1
     
    The consideration offered for each Share is NZ$0.60 cash, subject to paragraphs 6.2 and 6.3.



     

    1.2
     
    The consideration for the Offer will be paid to shareholders whose Shares are taken up under
the Offer (Acceptors) and will be sent to such Acceptors not later than 7 days after the later
of:



     

    (a)
     
    the date this Offer becomes unconditional; or



     

    (b)
     
    the Closing Date,





2077929:SYS
3





 







     
     
    but in any event not later than [22 April 2011], being the date not later than 7 days after
the last date on which the Offer can become unconditional.



     

    1.3
     
    If the consideration for the Offer is not paid within the period specified in paragraph 1.2
to any shareholder whose Shares are taken up under the Offer, that shareholder may withdraw
acceptance of the Offer by notice in writing to Agria, but only after the expiration of 7
days’ written notice to Agria of that shareholder’s intention to do so. This right to withdraw
acceptance of the Offer will not apply if the shareholder receives the consideration during
the 7 day period referred to in this paragraph.



     

    2
     
    How to Accept this Offer




If you wish to accept this Offer, you only need to:







    2.1
     
    Complete the enclosed Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions set out in the
Acceptance Form; and



     

    2.2
     
    Return the completed Acceptance Form in the enclosed reply paid envelope AS SOON AS POSSIBLE,
but in any event so as to be received by Agria not later than 5 pm on [15 April 2011] (being a
period of at least [84] days from the date of this Offer), or such later closing date(s) as
Agria may decide in accordance with the Takeovers Code (Closing Date). Acceptances posted (and
bearing a postage stamp) before 5 p.m. on the Closing Date, but received after that date, may
be accepted by Agria.



     

    2.3
     
    If the reply paid envelope has been mislaid, please deliver, mail or fax your Acceptance
Form to:



     

     
     
    [Computershare Investor Services Limited
Re: [Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.]
Private Bag 92119
Auckland 1142
159 Hurstmere Road, Takapuna, North Shore City 0622
Facsimile: +64 9 488 8787]



     

    2.4
     
    You may accept this Offer in respect of all or any shares you hold in PGW, whether you have
acquired them before or after the date of this Offer, upon production of satisfactory evidence
of your entitlement to those Shares.



     

    2.5
     
    Subject to clause 2.6 below, Agria will take up from each Acceptor of this Offer the lesser
of:



     

    (a)
     
    the number of the Acceptor’s Shares that represents the Specified Percentage of the Shares
held by that Acceptor; or



     

    (b)
     
    the number of Shares in respect of which the Acceptor has accepted the Offer.







2077929:SYS
4




 










    2.6
     
    If:



     

    (a)
     
    the number of Shares that Agria takes up in accordance with paragraph 2.5 is less than the
number of Shares sought by Agria under this Offer; and



     

    (b)
     
    Agria has received acceptances of the Offer from certain Acceptors (each a Surplus Acceptor)
for more than the Specified Percentage of the Shares held by that Acceptor (those Shares in
excess being Surplus Shares), then:









     
    (i)
     
    Agria will take up from each Surplus Acceptor the balance of the Shares
required by Agria pursuant to this Offer to acquire the Specified Percentage of
Shares not held by Agria as at the date of the Offer (Remaining Required Shares),
with the proportion of Surplus Shares to be acquired from each Surplus Acceptor
being equal to the proportion that the Remaining Required Shares bears to the total
of all the Surplus Shares.









    2.7
     
    As a result of the application of clauses 2.5 and 2.6, Agria may purchase less than the
number of shares specified by an Acceptor in its Acceptance Form.



     

    2.8
     
    Without limiting paragraph 2.10 or 7.2, the number of Shares that may be disposed of by an
Acceptor under this Offer will be determined by reference to the number of Shares held by the
Acceptor at the Closing Date, as recorded in the securities register of PGW. This applies
notwithstanding the Entitlement set out in the Acceptance and Transfer Form.



     

    2.9
     
    Agria may, in its discretion, treat any Acceptance Form as valid notwithstanding that it does
not comply with this paragraph, and may, in its discretion, rectify any errors in, or
omissions from, any Form, including inserting or completing details of the Shares held by the
Acceptor and filling in any blanks. Agria will determine, in its sole discretion, all
questions relating to documents, including the validity, eligibility, time of receipt and
effectiveness of an acceptance of the Offer. The determination of Agria will be final and
binding on all parties.



     

    2.10
     
    Acceptance of this Offer by each Acceptor constitutes a contract between that Acceptor and
Agria on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Offer. Other than in the
circumstances set out in paragraph 1.3 above, acceptances of the Offer are irrevocable and you
may not withdraw your acceptance during the time the Offer is open for acceptance, whether or
not there has been any permissible variation of the Offer in accordance with the Takeovers
Code.



     

     
     
    If you need assistance with respect to completing your Acceptance Form
please contact [Computershare Investor Services Limited, Re:
[Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.] on:






Telephone: +64 9 488 8777,
Mail: Private Bag 92119, Auckland 1142, or
Email: enquiry@computershare.co.nz]



5




 










    3
     
    Terms and Conditions of Offer



     

    3.1
     
    This Offer, and any contract arising from it, is conditional upon Agria receiving, on or
prior to the Closing Date, acceptances of this Offer relating to Shares that, on registration
of the transfer of the Shares to Agria, and when taken together with the Shares already held
by Agria, would (once the Offer is declared unconditional and the Shares transferred) confer
on Agria 50.01% of the voting rights in PGW.



     

    3.2
     
    The condition set out in paragraph 3.1 is a condition subsequent, and acceptance of the Offer
by each Shareholder shall constitute a contract between that Shareholder and Agria subject to
that condition. The Offer will only proceed if the condition in paragraph 3.1 is satisfied.



     

    3.3
     
    If the Offer period is extended and the Offer has not been declared unconditional, Agria will
specify in the variation notice a new date by which the Offer must be declared unconditional.



     

    3.4
     
    If this Offer does not become unconditional, the Offer will lapse, Acceptance Forms received
by Agria will be destroyed and every party will be released from their obligations under this
Offer (and the Acceptance Form) and the contract arising from their acceptance of it.



     

    3.5
     
    The latest date on which Agria can declare this Offer to have become unconditional is 15
April 2011. This date will not be extended. If this Offer is not declared unconditional, the
Offer will lapse.



     

    3.6
     
    The Shares and all other securities of the nature referred to in paragraph 7 “Change of
Circumstances” (if applicable) are to be acquired free from all liens, charges, mortgages,
encumbrances and other interests and claims of any kind whatsoever, but together with all
rights, benefits and entitlements attaching to them at the date of this Offer or which arise
subsequently, including the right to all dividends and other distributions.



     

    3.7
     
    Agria may vary this Offer in accordance with the Takeovers Code.



     

    3.8
     
    By accepting this Offer, each Acceptor represents and warrants to Agria that:









     
    (a)
     
    it is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Shares in respect of which it
has accepted this Offer, or is the legal owner and has the necessary power, capacity
and authority to accept this Offer in respect of such Shares;



     

     
    (b)
     
    it has full power, capacity and authority to sell and transfer all such
Shares; and



     

     
    (c)
     
    legal and beneficial title to all such Shares will pass to Agria in accordance
with paragraph 3.6.









    3.9
     
    Each Acceptor:









     
    (a)
     
    will not, and will not attempt to, sell, transfer or dispose of (or agree to do
any of those things), any or all of the Shares in respect of






2077929:SYS
6





 







     
     
     
    which the Acceptor has accepted this Offer (other than the
acceptance of the Offer itself);



     

     
    (b)
     
    is deemed to have irrevocably authorised Agria to instruct PGW and its share
registrar to refuse, during the Offer period, to register any transfer of any or all
Shares in respect of which the Acceptor has accepted this Offer, except for the
transfers in accordance with this Offer; and



     

     
    (c)
     
    will pay to Agria on demand, any cost or expense incurred, or loss or damage
suffered, by Agria in connection with, or as a result of, that Acceptor’s failure to
comply with paragraph 3.9(a).









    4
     
    Further Conditions



     

    4.1
     
    This Offer and any contract arising from acceptance of it is conditional on Agria obtaining
all necessary regulatory consents and clearances (if any), including any consent required
under the Overseas Investment Act 2005 to settle the Offer and acquire more than 19.9% of the
      shares in PGW, by 15 April 2011.



     

    4.2
     
    This Offer and any contract arising from acceptance of it is also subject to the conditions
that during the period from the date on which this Offer was announced until the last date by
which the Offer must be declared unconditional by Agria (or the date on which the Offer is
declared unconditional, if earlier):









     
    (a)
     
    no dividends, bonuses or other payments or distributions of any nature (including
without limitation, any share buybacks) have been or will be declared, paid or made upon
or in respect of any of the Shares;



     

     
    (b)
     
    no further shares, convertible securities or any voting securities of any description
(including options, rights or interests in any securities) of PGW or any of its
subsidiaries (the Group) have been or will be issued or agreed to be issued or made the
subject or any option or right to subscribe (whether by way of bonus issue or otherwise)
and there have been no, and will be no, alteration of rights, privileges and restrictions
attaching to the shares of any member of the Group;



     

     
    (c)
     
    no Share in PGW has been or will be subdivided, consolidated or acquired by PGW;



     

     
    (d)
     
    no Shares in PGW or any shares or other securities in any of its subsidiaries have
been or will be made the subject of any option, or right, to subscribe for the issue of
securities in PGW or that subsidiary;



     

     
    (e)
     
    no alteration to the constitution of any member of the Group has been or will be made
other than amendments of a formal or technical (but not substantive) nature;



     

     
    (f)
     
    the business of each member of the Group is carried on in the ordinary and normal
course, including without limitation:






2077929:SYS
7





 







     
    a.
     
    none of the assets of the Group (taken separately or together) being
disposed of, or made the subject to any option or contract to sell,
for an amount in excess of $250,000 except in the ordinary course
of business or with the approval, or conditional on the approval, of
PGW’s shareholders;



     

     
    b.
     
    no member of the Group (separately or together) entering into or
contracting to enter into, or completing any acquisition of any
investment, company or asset, or undertaking any capital
expenditure or divestment for an amount in excess of $500,000 (in
aggregate) that, as at the date on which this Offer was announced,
had not been approved by the board of directors of PGW or
committed to by the relevant member of the Group or approved by,
or conditional on the approval of, the shareholders of PGW,
otherwise than in the ordinary course of business;



     

     
    c.
     
    no resolution being passed for any merger, amalgamation, share
buyback or scheme of arrangement including any member of the
Group, and no member being involved in any proposal relating to
any merger, amalgamation, share buyback or scheme of
arrangement (or announcing any intention to do so);



     

     
    d.
     
    no unusual or abnormal payments, commitments or liabilities
(including contingent liabilities) which are material or could be
material to the Group, taken as a whole, are made or incurred (or
agreed to be made or incurred) by any of those entities and no
member of the Group makes any unusual payment of income tax;



     

     
    e.
     
    no member of the Group varies or waives any material rights or
powers under any material contract to which it is a party;



     

     
    f.
     
    no changes to the composition or functions of the board of directors
of any member of the Group;



     

     
    g.
     
    no member of the Group disposes of, purchases, transfer, leases,
charges, mortgages, grants a lien or other encumbrance over,
grants an option or legal or equitable interest in respect of, or
otherwise deals with a legal or equitable interest in a material asset,
business, operation, property or subsidiary (or agrees to or reaches
an understanding, including agreeing to materially vary any
agreement, do any of these things or makes an announcement in
respect of any of them) that is material to the Group taken as a
whole, other than in the ordinary course of business or with the
approval, or conditional upon the approval, of the shareholders of
PGW; and



     

     
    h.
     
    no onerous, long term or material contracts, commitments, agreements or arrangements that are
material to the Group taken as a whole (either individually or in aggregate), or major
transactions (as defined in section 129 (2) of the Companies Act 1993), are entered into,
terminated or materially varied, by any member of the Group (or an agreement or understanding
to these purposes is reached), except with the approval of, or conditional upon the approval
of, PGW’s shareholders;











2077929:SYS
8




 















     
    (g)
     
    no liquidator, receiver, manager, receiver and manager, statutory manager or similar
officer being appointed in relation to any member of the Group or is appointed in relation
to any of their respective assets (or any part thereof) and no proceedings or steps
(including the calling of a meeting to consider the passing of a resolution to appoint a
liquidator) for the liquidation or administration of any member of the Group being
commenced;



     

     
    (h)
     
    no action, claim, litigation or other form of proceedings that are or could be material to
the Group (taken as a whole) are notified or commenced against, or by, any member of the
Group;



     

     
    (i)
     
    no change to the remuneration or to any terms of employment or engagement of any director,
officer, employee, contractor or consultant of any member of the Group is made other than in
accordance with established policies or in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practices, and there is no agreement to make any of those changes;



     

     
    (j)
     
    no changes are made to the senior management team or their respective arrangements with the
Group, except with the prior approval of the majority of PGW’s board;



     

     
    (k)
     
    the NZX 50 Index (Gross) not having closed below 3000.4 for a period of three consecutive NZX
trading days or more since the date on which this Offer was announced;



     

     
    (l)
     
    there not having occurred any events, conditions or circumstances of the nature referred to
above which in aggregate with other events mean that the overall impact of such aggregated
events taken as a whole is material to the Group;



     

     
    (m)
     
    there not having occurred any event materially adverse to the business, financial or trading
position, assets or liabilities, profitability or prospects of the Group, taken as a whole,
including any material deterioration in the debt situation of financial forecast of any member
of the Group;



     

     
    (n)
     
    the board of any member of the Group not having approved any of the above;



     

     
    (o)
     
    no person exercising any rights under any provision or agreement or other instrument to
which any member of the Group is a party, or by or to which any member of the Group or any of
their assets is bound or subject, which results to an extent which is material in the context
of the Group taken as a whole, in:









     
    (i)
     
    any moneys borrowed by any member of the Group becoming payable or
being capable of being declared repayable immediately or earlier than the repayment
date stated in such agreement or other instrument; or






2077929:SYS
9




 







     
    (ii)
     
    any      such      agreement      or      other      such      instrument
being terminated or modified.









     
    (p)
     
    Agria and/or any of its shareholders or financiers, as the case may be, obtaining on an
unconditional basis all necessary approvals and consents from the Chinese regulatory
authorities to complete the Offer and such approvals and consents remaining in full force
and effect in all respects and not being subject to any notice, intimation or indication of
intention to revoke, suspend, restraint, modify or review the same.









    4.3
     
    The conditions in paragraph 4.2 above are for the benefit of Agria and may be waived in whole
or in part by Agria at its absolute discretion, to the extent permitted by the Takeovers Code.
Any waiver or consent given by Agria in respect of any matter or thing shall apply only in
accordance with its terms and shall not constitute a consent or waiver in respect of any
similar matter or thing.



     

    4.4
     
    All of the conditions set out above are conditions subsequent, and acceptance of this Offer
by an Acceptor shall constitute a contract by that Acceptor with Agria subject to those
conditions.



     

    5
     
    Notices



     

    5.1
     
    Notice to PGW, the Takeovers Panel and the New Zealand Stock Exchange:









     
    (a)
     
    declaring this Offer unconditional; or



     

     
    (b)
     
    advising that this Offer is withdrawn in accordance with the
Takeovers Code or has lapsed in accordance with its terms,









     
     
    in each case, will be deemed to be notice to all offerees.



     

    5.2
     
    Notice of any variation of the Offer will be sent to each offeree, PGW, the
Takeovers Panel and the New Zealand Stock Exchange in accordance with
the Takeovers Code.



     

    6
     
    Method of Settlement



     

    6.1
     
    Agria will not acknowledge receipt of your acceptance of this Offer.



     

    6.2
     
    If:









     
    (a)
     
    this Offer is declared unconditional; and



     

     
    (b)
     
    the Acceptance Form is in order and including all the necessary information,









     
     
    then a cheque for the amount to which you will be entitled under this Offer will be posted
or if elected by you on your Acceptance Form, the amount will be paid by electronic
transfer to the bank account in New Zealand set out or nominated on that Form, by the date
specified in paragraph 1.2.



     

    6.3
     
    Agria’s obligations under this paragraph will be subject to registration of
the transfer of the Shares to Agria. Agria will present the Acceptance












2077929:SYS
10





 















     
     
    Forms to PGW for registration within 24 hours following this Offer being declared
unconditional.



     

    7
     
    Change of Circumstances



     

    7.1
     
    If, on or after 23 December 2010 PGW declares or pays a dividend or makes any other
distribution, unless paragraph 4.2(a) is waived by Agria, Acceptors of this Offer will be
bound to pay to Agria an amount equivalent to such dividend or the value of such other
distribution or, at the option of Agria, the cash consideration which would otherwise have
been paid to such Acceptors shall be reduced by an amount equivalent to such dividend or the
value of such other distribution.



     

    7.2
     
    If, on or after 23 December 2010, PGW authorises, declares or makes any issue of shares or
debentures or convertible notes or voting securities or grants any other rights or interests
in its shares to its shareholders by way of capitalisation of any part of its profits or
reserves, unless paragraph 4.2(b) is waived by Agria, Acceptors of this Offer will be bound to
transfer such shares or debentures or convertible notes or other rights and interests to
Agria, without any additional consideration.



     

    7.3
     
    If all or any of the Shares of PGW are consolidated, subdivided or acquired by PGW on or
after 23 December 2010 then this Offer will be interpreted to take into account such
consolidation, subdivision or acquisition and will be deemed to be for the shares/securities
resulting from such consolidation, subdivision or acquisition and the consideration per Share
provided for under paragraph 1.1 will be increased or reduced, as the case may require, in
proportion to such consolidation, subdivision or acquisition, and Acceptors will be bound to
transfer such consolidated, subdivided or acquired shares to Agria on the basis of the
consideration so increased or reduced.



     

    7.4
     
    If PGW makes any issue of shares to any person on or after the date of this Offer other than
by way of capitalisation of any part of its profits or its reserves, then this Offer will be
deemed to extend to and include such shares and the consideration payable for them will be as
provided in paragraph 1.1 above.



     

    7.5
     
    If this Offer is declared unconditional, then for a period of 12 months commencing on the
date on which this Offer was announced, neither Agria nor any related company of Agria will
make any further takeover offer under the Takeovers Code to acquire Shares at a price per
Share that is higher than the consideration per Share to be paid under this Offer.



     

    8
     
    Further Information



     

     
     
    Further information relating to Agria, as required by Schedule 1 to the Takeovers Code, is
set out in the Appendix, and forms part of this Offer.






2077929:SYS
11





 










    9
     
    Interpretation




In this document:







    9.1
     
    Any reference to the Takeovers Code means the takeovers code recorded in the Takeovers Code
Approval Order 2000 (SR 2000/210);



     

    9.2
     
    Except if expressly defined in this document, or where the context requires otherwise, terms
defined in the Takeovers Code shall have the same meaning in this document;



     

    9.3
     
    In the event of any inconsistency between this Offer and the requirements of the Takeovers
Code, or the Takeovers Act 1993, or any applicable exemption granted by the Takeovers Panel
under section 45 of the Takeovers Act 1993, the Takeovers Code, the Takeovers Act 1993 or
exemption (as the case may be), shall prevail;



     

    9.4
     
    This Offer may be varied by Agria in accordance with rule 27 of the Takeovers Code;



     

    9.5
     
    The provisions set out in the Acceptance Form are also part of the terms of this Offer;



     

    9.6
     
    Headings are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of this document or
any Acceptance Form;



     

    9.7
     
    The singular includes the plural and vice versa; and



     

    9.8
     
    References to any statutory provision are to statutory provisions in force in New Zealand and
include any statutory provision which amends or replaces it, and any by-law, regulation,
order, statutory instrument, determination or subordinate legislation made under it.



     

    9.9
     
    All sums of money referred to in this Offer are in New Zealand currency;



     

    9.10
     
    Any reference to time in this Offer is to New Zealand time;



     

    9.11
     
    This Offer and any contract arising from it shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of New Zealand, and the parties to any such contract submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the Courts of New Zealand.




This Offer is dated at Auckland this [21st] day of [January] 2011


 
Xie Tao
Sole director (fulfilling also the roles of chief
executive officer and chief financial officer) of
Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.



12




 






APPENDIX: INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE SPECIFIED IN TAKEOVER NOTICE BY SCHEDULE 1 TO THE TAKEOVERS CODE







    1
     
    Date
The Offer is dated [21st day of January] 2011.]



     

    2
     
    Offeror and its Directors
Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (Agria)
80 Raffles Place, 16-20 UOB Plaza 2, Singapore 048624.



     

     
     
    Sole Director of Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.: Xie Tao



     

    3
     
    Target Company
PGG Wrightson Limited (PGW).



     

    4
     
    Advice Statement
The advice statement required under this paragraph is set out on the cover page of the offer
document.



     

    5
     
    Offer Terms
The terms and conditions of the Offer are set out in paragraphs 1 to 4 of the offer
document.



     

    6
     
    Ownership of Equity Securities of Target Company



     

    6.1
     
    The table below sets out the number, designation and percentage of equity securities of
any class of PGW held or controlled by:









     
    (a)
     
    Agria as the offeror; and



     

     
    (b)
     
    any related company of Agria; and



     

     
    (c)
     
    any person acting jointly or in concert with Agria; and



     

     
    (d)
     
    any director of any persons described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above;
and



     

     
    (e)
     
    any other person holding or controlling more than 5% of the class, if within
the knowledge of Agria;









     
     
    to the knowledge of Agria after making enquiries, as of the date of printing this document.





2077929:SYS
13




 






     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
    Type of Equity
     
    Number of shares
     
    Percentage


    Name
     
    Description
     
    Securities
     
    held or controlled
     
    of shares





    Agria (Singapore) 
Pte Ltd.

     
    Shares held by Agria
as the Offeror

     
    Ordinary Shares

     
    144,104,680

     
    19.01%


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    Pyne Gould 
Corporation 
Limited

     
    Person holding or
controlling more than
5%

     
    Ordinary Shares

     
    138,827,080

     
    18.32%


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


    HSBC Nominees
(New Zealand) 
Limited

     
    Person holding or
controlling more than
5%

     
    Ordinary Shares

     
    38,612,794

     
    5.09%






Notes:





 




    
    
    



    1)
     
    The details shown above have been obtained from publicly available sources, being the
only such information within the knowledge of Agria.


 


    2)
     
    The information in the table above and in the table in clause 7 below is based on
information known at the time of printing.










    6.2
     
    Apart from the persons named in the table above, none of the other persons referred to in
paragraph 6 of this Appendix hold or control equity securities in PGW, within the knowledge of
Agria, having made due enquiry.



     

    7
     
    Trading in Target Company Equity Securities



     

     
     
    No equity securities of PGW have been acquired or disposed of by any of the persons
described in subparagraphs (a) to (d) of paragraph 6 of this Appendix or any of the persons
identified in the table in paragraph 6 of this Appendix to the knowledge of Agria during the
6 month period before the date of this Offer.



     

    8
     
    No Agreements to Accept Offer



     

    8.1
     
    Pyne Gould Corporation Limited (PGC) has entered into a pre-bid agreement with Agria in
respect of the Offer, in respect of 138,827,080 shares in PGW (18.32%).



     

    8.2
     
    Under that agreement, PGC has undertaken to irrevocably accept the Offer within 3 business
days of the Offer being despatched in accordance with the Takeovers Code and it is otherwise
restricted from selling, encumbering or otherwise disposing of the shares held by it. The
pre-bid agreement is conditional on:









     
    (a)
     
    Agria providing a takeover notice in respect of the Offer no later than the end
of 31st of December 2010;



     

     
    (b)
     
    Agria despatching the Offer document within 30 days of the takeover notice
referred to in (a) above; and



     

     
    (c)
     
    Agria obtaining Overseas Investment Office’s consent to the Offer by 15 April
2011.









    8.3
     
    The terms of the pre-bid agreement expressly provide that PGC is able to
exercise and control the exercise of all voting rights relating to shares in
PGW held or controlled by it in whaterver manner it sees fit up until the
time that such shares are transferred under this Offer.




2077929:SYS

14






 







    9
     
    Arrangements to Pay Consideration



     

    9.1
     
    Agria confirms that resources will be available to it sufficient to meet the consideration to
be provided on full acceptance of the Offer and to pay any debts incurred in connection with
the Offer (including debts arising under rule 49 of the Takeovers Code).



     

    9.2
     
    A statement setting out the rights of each offeree under rule 34 of the Takeovers Code, to
withdraw its acceptance for non-payment by Agria of the consideration, is set out in paragraph
1.3 of the Offer document.



     

    10
     
    Arrangements Between Agria and PGW



     

    10.1
     
    In accordance with the terms of a subscription agreement entered into between PGW and Agria
Corporation on 16 October 2009, PGW’s board granted its consent to Agria Corporation
transferring the legal and beneficial ownership of a portion of the shares in Agria and/or in
Agria Asia Investments Limited to New Hope Group Co., Ltd. or a subsidiary of it, before the
date of this Offer being announced.



     

    10.2
     
    No other agreement or arrangement (whether legally enforceable or not) has been made, or is
proposed to be made, between Agria or any associates of Agria, and PGW or any related company
of PGW, in connection with, in anticipation of, or in response to, the Offer.



     

    11
     
    No Arrangements Between Agria, and Directors and Officers of PGW



     

     
     
    No agreement or arrangement (whether legally enforceable or not) has been made, or is proposed
to be made, between Agria or any associates of Agria, and any of the directors or senior
officers of PGW or of any related company of PGW (including any payment or other benefit
proposed to be made or given by way of compensation for loss of office, or as to their
remaining in or retiring from office) in connection with, in anticipation of, or in response
to, the Offer. Lai Guanglin and Xie Tao are directors of PGW and are also directors and/or
employees of Agria or related companies of Agria.



     

    12
     
    No Financial Assistance



     

     
     
    No agreement or arrangement has been made, or is proposed to be made, under which PGW or any
related company of PGW will give (directly or indirectly) financial assistance for the purpose
of, or in connection with, the Offer.



     

    13
     
    Likelihood of Changes in PGW



     

    13.1
     
    If the Offer is successful, Agria will seek appropriate board representation on the PGW board
including representatives of Agria Corporation and New Hope. Agria will participate in
decisions relating to PGW and its strategy with a view to improving operations and
profitability in PGW as soon as possible.



     

    13.2
     
    The changes likely to be made by Agria in respect of the business activities of PGW and its
subsidiaries will involve a particular focus on PGW’s core AgriServices and AgriTech
businesses. In that regard, Agria is in principle supportive of the divestment of PGG
Wrightson Finance Limited’s finance book following an appropriate sales process and subject to
any shareholders’ and other approvals that may be required by law.






2077929:SYS

15




 










    14
     
    No Pre-emption Clauses in Target Company’s Constitution



     

     
     
    There is no restriction on the right to transfer equity securities to which the Offer relates
contained in the constitution of PGW as of the date of this Offer, which has the effect of
requiring the holders of the securities to offer the securities for purchase to PGW or to any
other person before transferring the securities.



     

    15
     
    No Escalation Clause



     

     
     
    There is no agreement or arrangement (whether legally enforceable or not) under which any
existing holder of equity securities in PGW will or may receive in relation to, or as a
consequence of, the Offer any additional consideration or other benefit over and above the
consideration set out in the Offer, or any prior holder of equity securities in PGW will or
may receive any consideration or other benefit as a consequence of the Offer.



     

    16
     
    No Independent Adviser’s Report in relation to other classes



     

     
     
    An independent adviser’s report is not required under rule 22 of the Takeovers Code (which
requires an independent adviser to report on fairness between different classes of securities,
whether voting or non-voting) because PGW does not have any non-voting equity securities or
more than 1 class of voting securities on issue at the date of this document.



     

    17
     
    Certificate



     

     
     
    To the best of my knowledge and belief, after making proper inquiry, the information
contained in or accompanying the takeover notice is, in all material respects, true and
correct and not misleading, whether by omission of any information or otherwise, and includes
all the information required to be disclosed by Agria under the Takeovers Code.



     

     
     
    Signed by the person named below.










     
     
     





     
Xie Tao

     
     


    Sole director (fulfilling also the roles of chief executive
officer and chief financial officer) of 
Agria (Singapore) Pte
Ltd.
     
     







2077929:SYS

16




 






PLEASE NOTE



IF YOU HAVE SOLD ALL YOUR PGG WRIGHTSON LIMITED SHARES


Please send this Offer and all enclosures (including the Acceptance Form) immediately to the new
PGG Wrightson Limited shareholder or the broker through whom you made the sale requesting that they
be forwarded to the new PGG Wrightson Limited shareholder.



IF YOU HAVE SOLD SOME OF YOUR PGG WRIGHTSON LIMITED SHARES


Please alter the total holding on the Acceptance Form to the number of Shares which you have
retained and forward the amended Acceptance Form in the reply paid envelope supplied, to:



[Computershare Investor Services Limited
Re: [Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.]
Private Bag 92119
Auckland 1142
159 Hurstmere Road, Takapuna, North Shore City 0622
Facsimile: +64 9 488 8787]


Upon receipt of the amended Acceptance Form, Agria will recalculate the amount of cash comprising
your consideration to reflect the number of Shares sold by you.


Please also request the broker through whom you made the sale to advise the purchaser or purchasers
of your Shares of this Offer and that copies of it are available from the above address, and advise
PGW and Agria of the number of Shares sold and the broker concerned (if any).



IF YOU WANT TO ACCEPT THE OFFER FOR ONLY PART OF YOUR SHARES IN PGG WRIGHTSON LIMITED


Please alter the total holding on the Acceptance Form to the number of Shares which you wish to
sell and forward the amended Acceptance Form in the reply paid envelope supplied, to:



[Computershare Investor Services Limited
Re: [Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.]
Private Bag 92119
Auckland 1142
159 Hurstmere Road, Takapuna, North Shore City 0622
Facsimile: +64 9 488 8787]





2077929:SYS

17




 










ACCEPTANCE FORM
AGRIA (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD.’S PARTIAL TAKEOVER OFFER FOR 234,963,939 SHARES IN PGG WRIGHTSON LIMITED
NUMBER OF SHARES HELD IN PGG WRIGHTSON LIMITED
Shareholder/Transferor (the Transferor) SHAREHOLDER
NUMBER/CSN
TOTAL CONSIDERATION
(assuming that all the shares
purchased at NZ$0.xx per share
Number of shares in PGG Wrightson Limited you wish to sell (Please tick ONE box)
a) I accept in respect of all of my shares in PGG Wrightson Limited.
b) I accept in respect of shares in PGG Wrightson Limited (insert
Note:
If you do not state the number of shares in PGG Wrightson Limited in respect of which you wish to
accept the Offer,
you will be deemed to have accepted the Offer in respect of all the shares in PGG Wrightson Limited
held by you.
Method of Payment
Please tick the box below to confirm
(a) If you wish to receive the cash by automatic transfer, OR (b) by cheque, please tick the
following box
tick the following box to authorise Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd. to deposit the cash consideration
into the New Zealand bank account that you have already provided details of to PGG Wrightson
Limited for the purposes of making PGG Wrightson Limited dividend payments to you, and to authorise
any disclosure by PGG Wrightson Limited of your bank account details for the purposes of payment of
the cash consideration;
OR ALTERNATIVELY
please include details of your New Zealand bank account below:
Bank/Financial Institution Branch
Account Name
Account number bank branch account number suffix reference no (if applicable)
By signing this form the Transferor for the consideration stated above hereby:
(a) accepts the Offer dated [21st January 2011] of Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.
(Transferee), for the shares described above in PGG Wrightson Limited (PGW) held by the Transferor,
subject to the conditions on which they are so held and transfers those shares to the Transferee;
and






2077929:SYS



18




 










    (b)
     
    as set out on the reverse of this form enters into an indemnity in favour
of and for PGW and the Transferee, and appoints the Transferee the attorney of the
Transferor,




and the Transferee hereby agrees (as evidenced by its execution of a form of agreement to
which this form and those of other transferors shall be appended together comprising an
instrument of transfer) to take the (or some of the) shares subject to the terms and
conditions of that Offer. This power of attorney is limited to the number of shares which
will be taken up by Transferee after the scaling process, set out in clause 2.6 of the Offer
document, has taken place.






     
     
     
     
     





    FOR AN INDIVIDUAL / ATTORNEY

     
     
     
    FOR A COMPANY / BODY CORPORATE


     
     
     
     
     


    Signed by the Transferor(s)

     
     
     
    Signed by the Transferor(s) by:


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     

     
     


    in the presence of:

     
     
     
    Director / Duly Authorised Person in the presence of:


     
     
     
     
     


     

     
     

     
     


    Name:

     
     
     
    Name:


    Occupation:

     
     
     
    Occupation:


    Address:

     
     
     
    Address:






NOTES AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETION


1 INTERPRETATION: In this form references to the Transferor in the singular shall include the plural.


2 TO ACCEPT THE OFFER: Sign this form where marked “Signed by the Transferor(s)” and have your signature witnessed. Any person
(including your husband or wife) may witness your signature and must add his or her occupation
and full address in the space
provided.


Companies must sign in accordance with the Companies Act 1993.


3 METHOD OF PAYMENT: You should select a Method of Payment. If you do not, or the details
that you provide are not sufficient to effect an electronic transfer to you, you will be
paid by cheque or by Direct Credit to your existing nominated account held in
Computershare’s registers.


4 JOINT HOLDERS: If the shares are registered in the names of joint holders, all must sign the
form.


5 POWER OF ATTORNEY: If the form is signed under a power of attorney, the relevant power of
attorney and a certificate of non-revocation must be submitted with the form for noting and
return, and the certificate printed overleaf must be completed. Where such power of attorney
has already been noted by PGW, then this fact must be stated under the signature of the
attorney.


6 ON COMPLETION: Place the signed form in the enclosed reply paid envelope and
post or fax to the Transferee on:
[Computershare Investor Services Limited



Re: [Agria (Singapore) Pte Ltd.]
Private Bag 92119
Auckland 1142
159 Hurstmere Road, Takapuna, North Shore City 0622


You can also fax this Acceptance Form to Computershare Investor Services Limited on +64 9 488
8787. If you do that, the original form should also be delivered or posted to the above address (although failure to do
that will not invalidate your acceptance). Please mark the original form clearly “FAXED”.
as soon as possible, but in any event so as to be received not
later than [5pm on 15 April 2011] (subject to the Offer).


7 PREVIOUS SALE: If you have sold all your shares, please pass this form together with the offer documents to your
sharebroker or the purchasers of such shares. If you have sold part of your shareholding,
record that fact on this form by
amending the number of shares noted as being held by you on the face of this form.



IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCES, PLEASE CALL COMPUTERSHARE
INVESTOR SERVICES LIMITED ON +64 9 488 8777

2077929:SYS






19




 






BY THE TRANSFEROR’S EXECUTION ON THE FACE OF THIS FORM, THE TRANSFEROR:







    1
     
    Hereby declares that:






• the Transferor is the holder of the shares described on the front of this Form;



• the Transferor has not mortgaged, pledged, transferred or otherwise dealt with the shares
and no other person holds any interest in the shares and they are the property of the
Transferor absolutely; and



• the Transferor will indemnify PGG Wrightson Limited (PGW) and the Transferee against any
costs, loss or damages arising through or in consequence of the transfer of the shares being
registered by PGW.


AND







    2
     
    Hereby enters into a Power of Attorney in favour of the Transferee as follows:



     

     
     
    As from the time of the Offer being declared unconditional, I/we hereby irrevocably authorise
and appoint the Transferee (with power of substitution by the Transferee in favour of such
person/s as the Transferee may appoint to act on its behalf) as my/our attorney and agent to
act for me/us and do all matters of any kind or nature whatsoever in respect of or pertaining
to the shares referred to on the face of this form in PGW and all rights and benefits
attaching to them as the Transferee may think proper and expedient and which I/we could
lawfully do or cause to be done if personally acting, including the transfer of shares to any
person or persons whatsoever, the appointment of a proxy or proxies for any meeting of the
shareholders of PGW, attendance in person at, and voting at, such meeting, application to any
court whatsoever and execution of all documents in my/our name/s which the Transferee may
consider necessary for all or any of the foregoing purposes.




IF THIS FORM IS SIGNED UNDER POWER OF ATTORNEY, THE ATTORNEY(S) SIGNING MUST SIGN THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE:



CERTIFICATE OF NON-REVOCATION OF POWER OF ATTORNEY






     
     
     
     
     





    I/WE,
     
     
     
     


     

     
     

     
     


    (Insert name of Attorney(s) signing)
     
     









     
     
     
     
     





    of
     
     
     
     


     

     
     

     
     


    (Address and Occupation)
     
     






HEREBY CERTIFY:


1. THAT by a Power of Attorney dated the                     day of                                          the Transferor
named and described on the face of this form (the Donor) appointed me his/her/its/their attorney on
the terms and conditions set out in that Power of Attorney.


2. THAT I/we have executed the form printed on the face of this document as attorney under that
Power of Attorney and pursuant to the powers thereby conferred upon me/us.


3. THAT at the date hereof I/we have not received any notice or information of the revocation of
that Power of Attorney by the death (or winding up) of the Donor or otherwise.


Signed at                                         this                     day of        
                                






     
     
     





     
Signature of Attorney(s)

     
     





NOTE: Your signature does not require witnessing



2077929:SYS
20