Exhibit 99.1








Exhibit 99.1







Agria Files Amended Form 20-F Solely to Include the
Separate Financial Statements of PGG Wrightson Limited



Beijing, China — December 31, 2010 — Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) (the “Company” or “Agria”), a
China-based company with investments in the agriculture sector, today announced the Company has
filed an amended Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, originally
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on June 29, 2010 (the “Original
Report”).


The amendment is being filed solely to include the separate financial statements of PGG Wrightson
Limited presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2010 as required by SEC rules. PGG Wrightson Limited is New Zealand’s largest agricultural
services company in which Agria holds a 19% equity interest.


Agria is including in this Amendment No. 1 currently-dated certifications by its chief executive
officer and chief financial officer. Other than the foregoing section, no part of the Original
Report is being amended. Accordingly, this Amendment No. 1 does not include any unchanged portions
of the Original Report and does not modify or update the disclosure therein in any way other than
as discussed above. As a result, this Amendment No. 1 continues to speak as of June 29, 2010,
except for the certifications referenced above, which speak as of the filing date of this Amendment
No. 1.


About Agria Corporation



Agria Corporation (NYSE: GRO) is a China-based company with investments in the agricultural sector.
For more information about Agria Corporation, please visit www.agriacorp.com.




     
     
     





    Contacts:
     
     


     
     
     


    In China:

     
    In the U.S.:


    John Layburn

     
    David Pasquale


    Chief Strategy and Compliance Officer

     
    Senior Vice President


    China Tel: 86-10-8438 1031

     
    U.S. Tel: +914-337-1117


    john.layburn@agriacorp.com

     
    david.pasquale@agriacorp.com





Safe Harbor Statement



This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the “safe
harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “confident” and similar
statements. Agria may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports
to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 20-F and 6-K, etc., in its annual report to
shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts,
including statements about Agria’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks outlined
in Agria’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in
this press release is as of the date of this announcement unless otherwise stated, and Agria does
not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under
applicable law.