ex99_1.htm





  
    EXHIBIT
99.1
     
    
     
     
    
     
    
    B COMMUNICATIONS
LTD.
     
    2 Dov
Friedman Street, Ramat-Gan, 52503, Israel
     
    +972-3-9240000
(phone), +972-3-939-9832 (fax)
     
    NOTICE
OF 2010 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
     
    Dear.
Shareholders:
     
    We
cordially invite you to the 2010 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be
held on Monday, November 15, 2010 at 10:30 a.m. (Israel time) at our
offices at 2 Dov Friedman Street, Ramat-Gan 52503, Israel, for the following
purposes:
     
    
      

            
              1.  
            
            
              To
      reelect the following three directors, to hold office until our next
      annual general meeting of shareholders (Mr. Shaul Elovitch, Ms. Aliza
      Schloss and Ms. Anat Winner);
            
          
    
     
    
      

            
              2.  
            
            
              To
      elect the following two outside directors (as such term is defined in the
      Israeli Companies Law) each for a three-year term: Mr. Moshe Rosenthal and
      Ms. Debbie Saperia;
            
          
    
     
    
      

            
              3.  
            
            
              To
      ratify and approve the reappointment of Somekh Chaikin, registered public
      accounting firm, a member of KPMG International, as our independent
      registered public accountants for the year ending December 31, 2010, and
      to authorize our Board of Directors to delegate to the Audit Committee the
      authority to fix the compensation of such independent registered public
      accountants in accordance with the volume and nature of their
      services;
            
          
    
     
    
      

            
              4.  
            
            
              To
      review and discuss our auditor’s report and consolidated financial
      statements for the year ended December 31, 2009;
  and
            
          
    
     
    
      

            
              5.  
            
            
              To
      transact such other business that may properly come before the annual
      general meeting or any adjournment
thereof.
            
          
    
     
    Shareholders
may review the full version of the proposed resolutions in the Proxy Statement
as well as the accompanying proxy card, as of October 14, 2010, via the Israeli
Securities Authority’s electronic filing system at http://www.magna.isa.gov.il
or the website of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange Ltd. at http://maya.tase.co.il, and also at our
offices (2 Dov Friedman St., Ramat-Gan, 52503, Israel - +972-3-9240000 (phone),
+972-3-939-9832 (fax)).
     
    Our company’s representative
is Mr. Ami Barlev (2 Dov Friedman Street, Ramat Gan, Israel - Tel: 050-2029021
Fax: 03-5758093).
     
    Shareholders
of record at the close of business on October 11, 2010 are entitled to
notice of and to vote at the meeting. You can vote either by mailing in your
proxy or in person by attending the meeting.  If voting by mail, the
proxy must be received by our transfer agent or at our registered office in
Israel at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the appointed time of the
meeting to be validly included in the tally of ordinary shares voted at the
meeting.  If you attend the meeting, you may vote in person and your
proxy will not be used.  Detailed proxy voting instructions are
provided both in the Proxy Statement and on the proxy card.
     
    Quorum and
Voting
     
    The
presence, in person or by proxy, of shareholders holding or representing, in the
aggregate, at least one third of our company’s voting rights will constitute a
quorum at the meeting.  No business will be considered or determined
at the meeting unless the requisite quorum is present within half an hour from
the time designated for the meeting.  If within half an hour from the
time designated for the meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting will stand
adjourned to the same day in the following week, at the same time and
place.  If within half an hour from the time designated for the
adjourned meeting a quorum is not present, any number of shareholders present
will constitute a quorum. This notice will serve as notice of such reconvened
meeting if no quorum is present at the original date and time and no further
notice of the reconvened meeting will be given to shareholders.
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
    
     
    Our
Articles of Association require each shareholder that wishes to participate in
the meeting to certify to us prior to the vote, or if the shareholder is voting
by proxy, in the proxy card, as to whether or not his or her holdings in our
company or his or her vote requires the approval of the Prime Minister of Israel
and Israeli Minister of Communications pursuant to the Israeli Communications
Law (Telecommunications and Broadcasting), 1982 or the Communications
Order.  If a shareholder does not provide such certification, such
shareholder will not be entitled to vote at the meeting and such shareholder’s
vote will not be counted for quorum purposes.
     
    According
to our Articles of Association, “Exceptional Holdings” do not entitle the holder
to vote such shares at the meeting.  “Exceptional Holdings” are
defined in the Israeli Communications Order (Determination Of Essential Service
Provided By “Bezeq” The Israeli Telecommunications Corp., Limited), 5757-1997,
or the Communications Order.  A description of the definition of
“Exceptional Holdings” is included in the Proxy Statement.
     
    An
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the ordinary shares represented
at the meeting, in person or by proxy, entitled to vote and voting thereon, is
required to approve the proposals 1 and 3.
     
    With
respect to proposal 2, under the Israeli Companies Law, the election of each of
the nominees for outside director requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
ordinary shares represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy, entitled to
vote and voting on the matter, provided that either (i) the shares voting in
favor of such election include at least one-third of the shares of
non-controlling shareholders who vote on the election (excluding the vote of
abstaining shareholders), or (ii) the total shareholdings of the non-controlling
shareholders who vote against such election do not represent more than 1% of the
voting rights in our company.
     
    October
7, 2010