Exhibit 99.1




Exhibit 99.1


AirMedia and China Central Television Announce Long-term Strategic Partnership to Operate TV
Channel in Air Sector in China



Beijing, China — December 8, 2010 — AirMedia Group Inc. (“AirMedia”) (Nasdaq: AMCN), a leading
operator of out-of-home advertising platforms in China targeting mid-to-high-end consumers, and
China Central Television International Mobile Media Ltd. (“CCTV Mobile Media”), a subsidiary of
China Central Television (“CCTV”), today announced that they have established a strategic
partnership to operate a TV channel of CCTV Mobile Media (“CCTV Air Channel”) to broadcast TV
programs to air travelers in China. The partnership agreement has a term of 15 years until November
28, 2025.


CCTV Air Channel will be run based on AirMedia’s network of digital TV screens in airports and
digital TV screens on airplanes. CCTV Mobile Media will be responsible for program planning,
production, and broadcasting. AirMedia will operate exclusively the advertising business of CCTV
Air TV Channel. Furthermore, according to the agreement, all advertising revenue generated under
this partnership will be allocated fully to AirMedia.


“We believe the partnership will help us take advantage of CCTV’s tremendous influence to increase
the brand awareness of our TV platform among the mid-to-high-end consumers. In addition, with the
help of CCTV Mobile Media’s professional team, we expect to increase our media value by showing
more eye-catching content to draw air travelers’ attention,” remarked Herman Guo, chairman and
chief executive officer of AirMedia. “Furthermore, with the sole TV channel approved by the
government in the air sector in China, we believe we will have a better position to negotiate with
airports or airline companies, and to convince advertisers to spend budgets.”


’’We are very pleased to partner with AirMedia to provide TV programs to air travelers in 38 major
airports and on the airplanes of 9 airlines in China,” said Mr. Hua Xie, Content Director of CCTV
Mobile Media. “Through AirMedia’s nationwide network, CCTV and AirMedia together will be able to
provide the air travelers with enriched information and high quality entertainment programs,
creating a unique media platform with great appeal to the mid-to-high-end consumers.’’


About CCTV International Mobile Media Ltd.



CCTV International Mobile Media Ltd. is the sole mobile TV station authorized by State
Administration of Radio Film and Television to provide public media platforms in China with
program-integration, broadcast control and transmission service using the name of CCTV Mobile
Media.


About AirMedia Group Inc.



AirMedia Group Inc. (Nasdaq: AMCN) is a leading operator of out-of-home advertising platforms in
China targeting mid-to-high-end consumers. AirMedia operates the largest digital media network in
China dedicated to air travel advertising. AirMedia operates digital frames in 34 major airports,
including the 15 largest airports in China. AirMedia also operates digital TV screens in 38 major
airports, including 26 out of the 30 largest airports in China. In addition, AirMedia sells
advertisements on the routes operated by nine airlines, including the four largest airlines in
China. In selected major airports, AirMedia also operates traditional media platforms, such as
billboards and light boxes, and other digital media, such as mega LED screens.


In addition, AirMedia has obtained exclusive contractual concession rights until the end of 2014 to
develop and operate outdoor advertising platforms at Sinopec’s service stations located throughout
China.

 

1




 



For more information about AirMedia, please visit http://www.airmedia.net.cn.


Safe Harbor Statement



This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the “safe
harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
“future,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “estimate,” “confident” and similar statements. Among other
things, the quotations from management in this announcement, as well as AirMedia’s strategic and
operational plans, contain forward-looking statements. AirMedia may also make written or oral
forward-looking statements in its reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in its
annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements
made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical
facts, including statements about AirMedia’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of
important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: if
advertisers or the viewing public do not accept, or lose interest in, our air travel advertising
network, we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow from our operating activities and our
prospects and results of operations could be negatively affected; we derive most of our revenues
from the provision of air travel advertising services, and any slowdown in the air travel
advertising industry in China may materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of
operation; our strategy of expanding our advertising network by building new air travel media
platforms and expanding into traditional media in airports may not succeed, and our failure to do
so could materially reduce the attractiveness of our network and harm our business, reputation and
results of operations; if we do not succeed in our expansion into gas station and other outdoor
media advertising, our future results of operations and growth prospects may be materially and
adversely affected; if our customers reduce their advertising spending or are unable to pay us in
full, in part or at all for a period of time due to an economic downturn in China and/or elsewhere
or for any other reason, our revenues and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected; we face risks related to health epidemics, which could materially and adversely affect
air travel and result in reduced demand for our advertising services or disrupt our operations; if
we are unable to retain existing concession rights contracts or obtain new concession rights
contracts on commercially advantageous terms that allow us to operate our advertising platforms, we
may be unable to maintain or expand our network coverage and our business and prospects may be
harmed; a significant portion of our revenues has been derived from the five largest airports and
three largest airlines in China, and if any of these airports or airlines experiences a material
business disruption, our ability to generate revenues and our results of operations would be
materially and adversely affected; our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our
future prospects and results of operations; and other risks outlined in AirMedia’s filings with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. AirMedia does not undertake any obligation to update any
forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law.


Investor Contact:



Raymond Huang
Investor Relations Director
AirMedia Group Inc.
Tel: +86-10-8460-8678
Email: ir@airmedia.net.cn



Caroline Straathof
IR Inside
Tel: +31-6-54624301
Email: info@irinside.com




 

2