Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard Launches FuelWorksTM

Fuel Processing Center of Excellence Established With University of Maryland and Army Research
Laboratory






    •
     
    FuelWorksTM is a new center of excellence for development of fuel processing
technology, to enable operation of fuel cell products with non-hydrogen fuels









    •
     
    This initiative leverages the ongoing efforts of Ballard, the University of Maryland and
U.S. Department of Defense





For Immediate Release – April 27, 2010


COLLEGE PARK, MD and VANCOUVER, CANADA – Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) today
announced the launch of a new center of excellence for the advancement of fuel processing
technology, with founding partners University of Maryland (UMD) and U.S. Department of Defense Army
Research Laboratory (ARL). The new center – named FuelWorksTM – will be located at the
University of Maryland in College Park.


FuelWorksTM has a mandate to develop technologies enabling fuel cells to operate with
fuels such as JP-8, diesel, natural gas as well as LPG. It will be open to industry, academia and
government agencies, providing a forum for collaboration to advance fuel-reforming technology for
military and commercial applications. The center of excellence will leverage the on-going
collaboration among highly skilled scientific and technical staff from UMD, Ballard and Army
Research Laboratory.


“Ballard is committed to accelerating the implementation of flexible fueling approaches for fuel
cell generators,” said Michael Goldstein, Ballard’s Chief Commercial Officer. “This capability is
especially important for developing countries that can benefit from clean fuel cell power.”


At FuelWorksTM, collaboration will advance the operation of fuel cells using hydrogen
extracted from military logistics fuels, specifically JP-8/DF-2 fuels. Success will ensure
low-noise and low-heat signatures, together with very high efficiency operation, which are
desirable properties for military tactical generators. Related advancements in fuel processing are
also expected to have direct commercial applicability for residential, commercial, mobile and
utility applications. Ballard intends to apply its substantial intellectual property portfolio of
over 2,000 patents and licenses.


Ballard will also continue its active participation in UMD’s Center for Environmental Energy
Engineering (CEEE), an industry-sponsored consortium of public and private organizations
collaborating on clean energy solutions for portable and distributed power.


Reinhard Radermacher, Director of CEEE and Professor of Mechanical Engineering at the University of
Maryland noted “FuelWorksTM will build on existing expertise at CEEE and, through
collaboration between Ballard and other partners, it will address critical research needs for fuel
cells operating in various applications, using existing and emerging fuels.”


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) provides clean energy fuel cell products enabling
optimized power systems for a range of applications. To learn more about Ballard, please visit
www.ballard.com.





     
     
     
     
     


    Further Information
     
     
     
     





    Investor Relations:

     
    Lori Rozali
+1.604.412.3195
investors@ballard.com

     
    Public Relations:Guy McAree
+1.604.412.7919
media@ballard.com