Exhibit 99.1 -- Press Release Dated 9/27/2010

 

 Exhibit 99.1 
 

 
 NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE USA 
AEGON successfully completes sale of EUR 842 million ‘SAECURE 9’ RMBS notes 
AEGON announces that it has successfully completed the sale of EUR 842 million residential mortgage-backed securities* (RMBS) to a broad group of
institutional investors.  These securities were issued under the Dutch SAECURE program** and consisted of two tranches: 
 


•
 
 EUR 180 million of class A1 notes with an expected weighted average life of 1.7 years and priced at par with a coupon of three month Euribor plus
0.95 %.   


•
 
 EUR 662 million of class A2 notes with an expected weighted average life of 5.4 years and priced at par with a coupon of three month Euribor plus
1.35 %.  The net proceeds will be used to finance a part of AEGON’s existing Dutch mortgage portfolio. 
AEGON is pleased it was able to successfully complete the sale despite challenging market conditions. SAECURE continues to be regarded as a top tier
program in the Dutch RMBS market. AEGON’s proven underwriting criteria and servicing have led to high quality performance on the company’s outstanding SAECURE transactions. 
The securities were placed by a syndicate of banks comprising ING Bank, J.P. Morgan Securities, Rabobank International and The Royal Bank of Scotland.
 * The securities are rated AAA by Standard & Poor’s and Aaa by Moody’s Investor Service 
** The SAECURE program is managed by AEGON’s subsidiary AEGON Levensverzekering N.V. 
 













 About AEGON  
As an international life insurance, pension and investment company based in The Hague, AEGON has businesses in over twenty markets in the Americas, Europe
and Asia. AEGON companies employ approximately 28,000 people and have some 40 million customers across the globe.  
  
 
 
Contact information  
Media relations: Greg Tucker  
+31(0)70 344 8956
gcc-ir@aegon.com  
Investor relations: Gerbrand Nijman  
+31 (0)70 344 8305
ir@aegon.com  
www.aegon.com  

Key figures EUR
 
Second quarter 2010  
 
Full year 2009
  
  
 

     Underlying earnings before tax
 
522 million  
 
1.2 billion
  
 
 

  
    New life sales
 
   590
million  
 
   2.1 billion
  
 
 

  
    Gross deposits (excl. run-off)
 
   7.6
billion  
 
   28 billion
  
 
 

  
    Revenue generating investments
    (end of period)
 
   409
billion  
 
   363 billion
  
 
   
  
Page 1 of 2 






 

 
  





  
Forward-looking statements  
The statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim, believe, estimate, target, intend, may, expect, anticipate, predict, project, counting on, plan, continue, want, forecast, goal, should,
would, is confident, will, and similar expressions as they relate to our company. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. We undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially
from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:
 
¡
      Changes in general economic conditions, particularly in the United States,
the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;  
¡
      Changes in the performance of financial markets, including emerging markets,
such as with regard to:  
-        The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in our fixed
income investment portfolios; and  
-        The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting
restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities we hold;  
¡
      The frequency and severity of insured loss events;
 
¡
      Changes affecting mortality, morbidity and other factors that may impact the
profitability of our insurance products;  
¡
      Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing
interest rate levels;  
¡
      Changes affecting currency exchange rates, in particular the EUR/USD and
EUR/GBP exchange rates;  
¡
      Increasing levels of competition in the United States, the Netherlands, the
United Kingdom and emerging markets;  
¡
      Changes in laws and regulations, particularly those affecting our operations,
the products we sell, and the attractiveness of certain products to our consumers;  
¡
      Regulatory changes relating to the insurance industry in the jurisdictions in
which we operate;  
¡
      Acts of God, acts of terrorism, acts of war and pandemics;
 
¡
      Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;
 
¡
      Lowering of one or more of our debt ratings issued by recognized rating
organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on our ability to raise capital and on our liquidity and financial condition;  
¡
      Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of our
insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the premium writings, policy retention, profitability of its insurance subsidiaries and liquidity;  
¡
      The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other
regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital we are required to maintain;  
¡
      Litigation or regulatory action that could require us to pay significant
damages or change the way we do business;  
¡
      Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution
channels;  
¡
      Competitive, legal, regulatory, or tax changes that affect the distribution
cost of or demand for our products;  
¡
      The impact of acquisitions and divestitures, restructurings, product
withdrawals and other unusual items, including our ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;  
¡
      Our failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational
efficiencies as well as other cost saving initiatives; and  
¡
      The impact our adoption of the International Financial Reporting Standards
may have on our reported financial results and financial condition.  
Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the company are described in the company’s filings with Euronext Amsterdam and the US
Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 20-F. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, the company expressly disclaims any
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the company’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or
circumstances on which any such statement is based.    
  
Page 2 of 2