Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard Announces Sale-Leaseback for Cash Proceeds of C$20.8 Million


For Immediate Release – February 8, 2010


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) announced that it has entered
into a sale-and-leaseback agreement with Madison Pacific Properties Inc. (TSX: MPC)
(www.madisonpacific.ca). Ballard will sell its head office building site in Burnaby, British
Columbia in return for gross cash proceeds of approximately C$20.8 million (US$19.5 million). The
company will also enter into an initial fifteen-year lease agreement for the same property. The
transaction is expected to close on March 9, 2010.


Bruce Cousins, Ballard’s Chief Financial Officer said, “This transaction presented an opportunity
to extract cash from a non-core asset and further fortify our strong balance sheet, augmenting the
company’s cash reserves to approximately $100 million. At the same time, Ballard’s continued use of
the site is secured through a long-term lease arrangement.”


John Sheridan, Ballard’s President & CEO added, “This transaction, along with the monetization of
our Share Purchase Agreement and our progress in market development in 2009, has positioned Ballard
for strong performance in 2010. We continue to expect revenue growth in excess of 35% and improved
cash flow from operations by 30% in 2010, and positive EBITDA performance during 2011.”


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) provides clean energy fuel cell products enabling
optimized power systems for a range of applications. To learn more about Ballard, please visit
www.ballard.com.


This release contains forward-looking statements, including estimated revenue and cash flow from
operations for 2010, which are provided to enable external stakeholders to understand Ballard’s
expectations as at the date of this release and may not be appropriate for other purposes. These
forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of Ballard’s management and
reflect Ballard’s current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such
assumptions relate to Ballard’s financial forecasts and expectations regarding its product
development efforts, manufacturing capacity, and market demand, and include matters such as
generating new sales, producing, delivering and selling the expected number of units, and
controlling its costs.


These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause Ballard’s actual results to be
materially different, including, without limitation, the condition of the global economy, the rate
of mass adoption of its products, product development delays, changing environmental regulations,
its ability to attract and retain business partners and customers, its access to funding,
increased competition, its ability to protect its intellectual property, changes in its customers’
requirements, foreign exchange impacts on its net monetary assets and its ability to provide the
capital required for product development, operations and marketing. For a detailed discussion of
these risk factors and other risk factors that could affect Ballard’s future performance, please
refer to Ballard’s most recent Annual Information Form.

 

Readers should not place undue reliance on Ballard’s forward-looking statements and Ballard
assumes no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward looking statements,
other than as required under applicable legislation.


Further Information

Investor Relations:

Lori Rozali

+1.604.412.3195

investors@ballard.com


Public Relations:

Guy McAree

+1.604. 412.7919

media@ballard.com