Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard to Power One Megawatt Fuel Cell Generator in Singapore






     
    •
     
    Fuel cell stacks will be integrated in distributed generation (DG) system









     
    •
     
    This is an important first step into the commercial DG market in Asia





For Immediate Release – December 20, 2010


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) today announced the sale of 1.25
megawatts (MW) of the Company’s FCgen®-1300 fuel cell product, together with engineering support
services, to Real Time Engineering PTE Ltd. (RTE), a Singapore-based system integrator. RTE intends
to produce a 1MW distributed power generator for deployment in Singapore.


“We are pleased to be working with RTE, a committed player in the Asian clean technology
community,” said Michael Goldstein, Ballard’s Chief Commercial Officer. “RTE will be an excellent
partner to help us bring Ballard’s proprietary fuel cell technology to the Asian multi-megawatt
distributed generation market.”


Ballard’s FCgen®-1300 fuel cell stack is a low-cost, liquid-cooled product specifically designed
for stationary applications. Product deliveries to RTE will begin this year, with commissioning of
the 1MW fuel cell generator targeted for 2012. Additional fuel cell stacks will be maintained by
RTE as spare inventory.


The 1MW generator will be deployed at a new Singapore industrial development site and used in a
base load application. RTE will build-own-operate the equipment under a power purchase agreement
with the end-user. Hydrogen fuel will be produced on-site using bio-mass as the energy feedstock,
making this a clean solution on a “well-to-wheels” basis.


Philip Wong, Managing Director of Real Time Engineering added, “Ballard’s fuel cell product
represents the best option for us, in terms of load-following capability, reliability and price.
RTE is excited to be an innovator in bringing truly green and truly clean power to Asia. In fact,
we have a number of green power projects in the pipeline today.”


Ballard and RTE plan to collaborate over the next several years, with the intention of selling and
supporting additional fuel cell power generators in the growing Asian market. Asian economies are
growing at four-times the pace of OECD member countries, which is driving an increased requirement
for power as well as a growing concern for the environment. Asia currently accounts for 40% of
global CO2 emissions.


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) provides clean energy fuel cell products enabling
optimized power systems for a range of applications. To learn more about Ballard, please visit
www.ballard.com.


This release contains forward-looking statements, including expected product deliveries, market
growth, competitiveness, customer product deployment and collaborations, which are provided to
enable external stakeholders to understand Ballard’s expectations as at the date of this release
and may not be appropriate for other purposes. These forward-looking statements are based on the
beliefs and assumptions of Ballard’s management and reflect Ballard’s current expectations as
contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such assumptions relate to Ballard’s financial
forecasts and expectations regarding its product development efforts, manufacturing capacity, and
market demand, and include matters such as generating new sales, producing, delivering and selling
the expected number of units, and controlling its costs.


These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause Ballard’s actual results to be
materially different, including, without limitation, the condition of the global economy, the rate
of mass adoption of its products, product development delays, changing environmental regulations,
its ability to attract and retain business partners and customers, its access to funding, increased
competition, its ability to protect its intellectual property, changes in its customers’
requirements, foreign exchange impacts on its net monetary assets and its ability to provide the
capital required for product development, operations and marketing. For a detailed discussion of
these risk factors and other risk factors that could affect Ballard’s future performance, please
refer to Ballard’s most recent Annual Information Form.

 

Readers should not place undue reliance on Ballard’s forward-looking statements and Ballard assumes
no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward looking statements, other than as
required under applicable legislation.


Further Information

Public Relations: Guy McAree, +1.604.412.7919, media@ballard.com

Investor Relations: Lori Rozali, +1.604.412.3195, investors@ballard.com