Exhibit 99.1


Exhibit 99.1
 


ALBERTA STAR DEVELOPMENT CORP.
Suite 506 - 675 West Hastings Street · Vancouver · British Columbia · V6B 1N2
Telephone: (604) 681-3131 Facsimile: (604) 408-3884
NEWS RELEASE



     
     

     April 21, 2010 
     TSX-V Trading Symbol: ASX 

      
     OTC BB Trading Symbol: ASXSF 

      
     FRANKFURT Trading Symbol: QLD 



     

      
ALBERTA STAR ANNOUNCES THAT IT WAS UNSUCCESSFUL IN ITS BID TO
ACQUIRE THE STERLING MINING COMPANY
 
Alberta Star Development Corp. (the “Company”) (TSXV - ASX) announces that the Company was unsuccessful in its bid to acquire 100% of the shares of Sterling Mining Company (“Sterling”) and the Sunshine Mine Lease pursuant to a bankruptcy auction held on April 21, 2010. As a result of the unsuccessful bid, the Company has confirmed that certain conditions contained in the Acquisition Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Sterling Mining Company dated November 17, 2009 have not been satisfied in accordance with the terms of the Agreement (see the Company's press release dated November l, 2009). As a result of the unsatisfied conditions, the Company will pursue a compensation fee of US$250,000 in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Second Amended Plan and Disclosure Statement filed by Sterling.
ALBERTA STAR DEVELOPMENT CORP.
The Company is a Canadian mineral exploration company that identifies, acquires and finances advanced stage mineral exploration projects in North America. The Company maintains a strong balance sheet, has no long term debt and continues to maintain seasoned management. The Company has a stated mandate of acquiring advanced stage exploration and production projects and will continue to review other advanced resource opportunities available to the Company, including a number of mineral exploration projects that contain established resources, expansion potential, infrastructure, cash flow and near term cash flow.
INVESTOR RELATIONS
Investors are welcomed to contact Benjamin Curry of Progressive I.R. Consultants Corp. at (604) 689-2881, the Company’s Investor Relations specialists for all corporate updates, and investor inquiries, or Morgan Brewster, Corporate Development of the Company at (778) 989-2739 or mbrewster@alberta-star.com.





2
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT:
Tim Coupland, President and CEO
Alberta Star Development Corp.
Tel (604) 681-3131     Fax (604) 408-3884 
www.alberta-star.com
 
Forward-Looking Statements
In the interest of providing the Company's shareholders and potential investors with information regarding the Company, including managements' assessment of the future plans and operations of the Company, certain statements contained in this document constitute forward-looking statements or information (collectively “forward-looking statements”) within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “anticipate”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”, “forecast”, “may”, “will”, “project”, “could”, “plan”, “intend”, “should”, “believe”, “outlook”, “potential”, “target” and similar words suggesting future events or future performance. In addition, statements relating to “resources” are deemed to be forward-looking statements as they invol
ve the implied assessment, based on certain estimates and assumptions, that the resources described exist in the quantities predicted or estimated and can be profitably produced in the future. In particular, this document contains, without limitation, forward-looking statements pertaining to the following: expectations of management regarding the termination of the agreement to acquire Sterling, payment of the termination fee and the company’s review of additional resource opportunities including the timing of completion of an acquisition; potential synergies resulting from an acquisition and the effect of the acquisition on the Company's operations.
With respect to forward-looking statements contained in this document, we have made assumptions regarding, among other things: future capital expenditure levels; future silver and base and precious metals prices and future silver and base and precious metal production levels; future exchange rates and interest rates; our ability to obtain equipment other resources in a timely manner to carry out development activities; our ability to market our silver and base and precious metals successfully to current and new customers; the impact of increasing competition; our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms; our ability to attract new senior management and board members; and our ability to add production and resources through our development and exploitation activities. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained in this document, and the assumptions on which such forward-looking statements are made, are reasonabl
e, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements included in this document, as there can be no assurance that the plans, intentions or expectations upon which the forward-looking statements are based will occur. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties that contribute to the possibility that the predictions, forecasts, projections and other forward-looking statements will not occur, which may cause the Company’s actual performance and financial results in future periods to differ materially from any estimates or projections of future performance or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the following: that the proposed transaction may not close when planned or at all or on the terms and conditions set forth herein; the failure of the Compa
ny to obtain the necessary Court, TSX Venture Exchange, regulatory and other third party approvals required in order to proceed with the proposed transaction; volatility in market prices for silver and other base and precious metals; incorrect assessment of the value of the acquisition; failure to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies of the






3
acquisition; general economic conditions in Canada, the U.S. and globally; and the other factors described under “Risk Factors” in the Company’s annual reports and Form 20-F available in Canada at www.sedar.com, as well as on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned that this list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive.
The forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document. Except as expressly required by applicable securities laws, the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The forward-looking statements contained in this document are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.
Statements contained in this news release relating to future results, events, and expectations are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, scheduling, re-scheduling, and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance, estimates, projections, resource potential, interpretations, prognoses, schedules, or achievements of the Company, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Such factors include, among others, those described in the Company' annual reports on Form 20-F on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available in Canada at www.sedar.com.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as the term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.