Filed by sedaredgar.com - Alexco Resource Corp. - Exhibit 99.1
   






 
News Release 
Alexco Appoints Jim Harrington to
President, Alexco Environmental Group 
January 27, 2010 Vancouver, British Columbia -- Alexco Resource
  Corp. (TSX:AXR, NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”)
  is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Jim Harrington to the position
  of President, Alexco Environmental Group. Alexco Environmental Group, a division
  of Alexco Resource Corp., has offices in Canada and the United States, and is
  a mine site focused environmental services business providing technical and
  environmental management expertise and water treatment services to a broad spectrum
  of mining industry and government clients. 
Mr. Harrington, whose technical expertise is focused on
groundwater related remedial technologies and water treatment, has worked for
the Alexco Environmental Group since 2007 in the capacity of Vice President,
Engineering and Technical Services. Mr. Harrington has a MSc. in Biochemistry,
and was previously employed by ARCADIS G&M as a Vice President in the
corporate technical group, and by Shepherd Miller as Vice President for mine
remediation and closure. Mr. Harrington will be responsible for all aspects of
Alexco Environmental Group operations in Canada, the United States and South
America. 
“We are excited to have a person of Jim’s caliber and expertise
step up to the job of President of our rapidly growing environmental services
business”, said Clynton Nauman, President and CEO of Alexco, “and we look
forward to continued success and growing profitability from this sector of the
company.” 
Alexco is also the owner of the Keno Hill Silver District,
Yukon and is currently engaged in construction of the Bellekeno Mine which will
become Canada’s only primary silver producer when commissioned in 2010. 
About Alexco 
Alexco's business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company's core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com or visit the Company's website at
www.alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain
  forward-looking information concerning the Corporation's anticipated results
  and developments in the Corporation’s operations in future periods, planned
  exploration and development of its properties, plans related to its business
  and other matters that may occur in the future, made as of the date of this
  press release. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to,
  statements with respect to future remediation and reclamation activities, future
  mineral exploration, the estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources,
  the realization of mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing
  of activities and the amount of estimated revenues and expenses, the success
  of exploration activities, permitting time lines, requirements for additional
  capital and sources and uses of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject
  to a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which
  could cause actual events or results to differ from those expressed or implied
  by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, risks
  related to actual results of exploration activities; actual results of remediation
  and reclamation activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in
  project parameters as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver
  and other commodities; possible variations in ore reserves, grade or recovery
  rates; failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents,
  labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining
  governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development activities.

  
    Head Office 
    T. 604 633 4888 
  
  
    Alexco Resource Corp. 
    F. 604 633 4887 
  
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150 
     
  
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4 
     
  
  
    Canada