Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.1- Filed by newsfilecorp.com
   








  
    ALEXCO RESOURCE CORP. 
  
  
    Suite 1150, 200 Granville Street 
  
    Vancouver, British Columbia, V6C 1S4 
  
    Telephone: (604) 633-4888 
  
    Facsimile: (604) 633-4887 
  
      
  
    NOTICE OF MEETING 
  
TO: The Shareholders of Alexco Resource Corp. 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT an annual general meeting (the
"Meeting") of the holders of common shares ("Shares") of Alexco
Resource Corp. (the "Corporation") will be held at the Fairmont
Waterfront Hotel, 900 Canada Place Way, Vancouver, British Columbia, on Friday,
December 17, 2010, at the hour of 1:30 p.m., Vancouver time, for the following
purposes: 


  
    1. 
    
      To receive and consider the report of the directors and
      the consolidated financial statements together with the auditor's report
      thereon for the financial year ended June 30, 2010;
  
     
     
  
    2. 
    
      To determine the number of directors at six:
  
     
     
  
    3. 
    
      To elect directors for the ensuing year;
  
     
     
  
    4. 
    
      To appoint the auditor for the ensuing year;
and
  
     
     
  
    5. 
    
      To transact such further or other business as may
      properly come before the Meeting and any adjournments
  thereof.
The accompanying information circular provides additional
information relating to the matters to be dealt with at the Meeting and is
deemed to form part of this notice. Also accompanying this notice is a form of
proxy and a financial statement and MD&A request form. Any adjournment of
the Meeting will be held at a time and place to be specified at the Meeting.

Only holders of Shares of record at the close of business on
November 12, 2010 will be entitled to receive notice of and vote at the Meeting.
If you are unable to attend the Meeting in person, please complete, sign and
date the enclosed form of proxy and return the same in the enclosed return
envelope provided for that purpose within the time and to the location set out
in the form of proxy accompanying this notice. 
DATED as of this 12th day of November, 2010. 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD 
(signed) Clynton R. Nauman Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer 



  
    If you are a non-registered Shareholder and receive
      these materials through your broker or through another
      intermediary, please complete and return the materials in accordance with
      the instructions provided to you by your broker or by the other
      intermediary. Failure to do so may result in your Shares not being
      eligible to be voted by proxy at the Meeting.