Alexco Resource Corp. - Exhibit 99.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com
   






 
News Release 
ALEXCO UPDATES PROGRESS ON BELLEKENO MINE AND
MILL COMMISSIONING 
November 19, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is pleased to report on the
progress of mill commissioning at the Bellekeno mine. The concentrator is now
running at design capacity and has produced silver/lead and zinc concentrates.
By design, the initial commissioning has used low grade material to identify
normal deficiencies and bottlenecks which have been systematically addressed.
The current focus of mill operations is to optimize lead/silver/zinc recovery
and to increase efficiency of the milling equipment and process flowsheet, and
the grade of the ore being processed from the Bellekeno mine is now being
progressively increased. Updated photographs of the mill in operation are
available on Alexco’s website. 
“It is notable that from the initiation of Bellekeno’s mine
development and mill construction, production has been achieved in less than a
year. This success is a testament to the skill and dedication of Alexco’s people
and partners,” commented Clynton Nauman, President and Chief Executive Officer
of Alexco. 
Keno Hill Silver District History 
Between 1921 and 1988, the Keno Hill Silver District produced
more than 217 million ounces of silver with average grades of 40.5 ounces per
ton silver, 5.6% lead and 3.1% zinc (Yukon Government's Minfile database). The
historical production grades would rank Keno Hill in the top 3% by grade of
today's global silver producers. The Keno Hill district is the second-largest
historical silver producer in Canada. 
About Alexco 
Alexco’s business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company’s core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
The scientific and technical information about the Bellekeno
project on which this news release has been based was prepared by Mr. Thomas
Fudge, P.E., Vice President Development and Engineering for Alexco and a
Qualified Person as defined by National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of
Disclosure for Mineral Projects. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com or visit the Company’s website at
www.alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain
forward-looking information concerning the Company’s anticipated results and
developments in the Company’s operations in future periods, planned exploration
and development of its properties, plans related to its business and other
matters that may occur in the future, made as of the date of this press release.
Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with
respect to future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral
exploration, the estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the
realization of mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of
activities and the amount of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of
exploration activities, permitting time lines, requirements for additional
capital and sources and uses of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to
a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which
could cause actual events or results to differ from those expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, risks
related to actual results of remediation and reclamation activities; actual
results of exploration activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes
in project parameters as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold,
silver and other commodities; possible variations in ore bodies, grade or
recovery rates; failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as
anticipated; accidents, labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry;
and delays in obtaining governmental approvals or financing or in the completion
of development activities. 

  
    
      Head Office 
      T. 604 633 4888 
    
    
      Alexco Resource Corp. 
      F. 604 633 4887 
    
    
      200 Granville Street, Suite 1150 
       
    
    
      Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4 
       
    
    
      Canada