Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard Manufactures One-Millionth Hydrogen Fuel Cell MEA Using Reduced-Cost Processes






    •
     
    Automated manufacturing is driving product unit cost down









    •
     
    Enables more competitive positioning versus incumbent technology





For Immediate Release – December 17, 2010


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) announced that the Company has
reached a milestone in commercialization of clean energy fuel cell technology, with recent
production of its one-millionth MEA (membrane electrode assembly), the proprietary core component
of Ballard fuel cells. Ballard fuel cells are being deployed to meet customer requirements for high
efficiency, clean energy solutions in backup power, distributed generation, material handling and
transit bus applications.


Paul Cass, Ballard’s Vice President of Operations said, “While we have been ramping up production
volumes, we have also been reducing cost through important innovations in automation of various
manufacturing steps, including ionomer spray coating, LIM sealing and MEA lamination. This is
contributing to a stronger value proposition for Ballard fuel cells across the range of
applications we are focused on.”


Ballard designs and manufactures proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cells, which combine hydrogen
and oxygen to generate clean, zero-emission electricity. The MEA is a core proprietary component of
each fuel cell, incorporating the Company’s intellectual property. A single cell contains one MEA,
capable of generating enough electricity to power a light bulb. By ‘stacking’ multiple cells
together, total power output can be scaled up to the multi-megawatt level, each megawatt capable of
powering approximately 800 homes.


Improved manufacturing productivity has resulted from several factors, the most significant being
introduction of automated or continuous manufacturing in place of more discrete, labour-intensive
processes. As an example, MEA lamination – in which key MEA component parts are cut and assembled –
is now accomplished with new equipment designed to Ballard’s exacting specifications. This
automation can effectively increase lamination production ten-fold, using the same amount of
labour. In addition, the lamination equipment requires less than ten-percent of the physical floor
space needed for a discrete process, thereby freeing up space for future growth. Insights gained
from the use of this MEA laminator are now being applied to the design of a next-generation MEA
laminator that will deliver an additional four-fold increase in productivity.


Growth in production volumes, together with implementation of automated manufacturing processes,
have contributed significantly to a 30% annual reduction in the cost of Ballard’s fuel cell
products over the past two years. Going forward, these factors are expected to further reduce cost,
enabling more aggressive competitive positioning in the market as well as higher gross margins on
product sales.


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) provides clean energy fuel cell products enabling
optimized power systems for a range of applications. To learn more about Ballard, please visit
www.ballard.com.


This release contains forward-looking statements, including production forecasts, productivity
gains, cost reductions and gross margins, which are provided to enable external stakeholders to
understand Ballard’s expectations as at the date of this release and may not be appropriate for
other purposes. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of
Ballard’s management and reflect Ballard’s current expectations as contemplated under section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. Such assumptions relate to Ballard’s financial forecasts and expectations regarding its
product development efforts, manufacturing capacity, and market demand, and include matters such as
generating new sales, producing, delivering and selling the expected number of units, and
controlling its costs.


These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause Ballard’s actual results to be
materially different, including, without limitation, the condition of the global economy, the rate
of mass adoption of its products, product development delays, changing environmental regulations,
its ability to attract and retain business partners and customers, its access to funding, increased
competition, its ability to protect its intellectual property, changes in its customers’
requirements, foreign exchange impacts on its net monetary assets and its ability to provide the
capital required for product development, operations and marketing. For a detailed discussion of
these risk factors and other risk factors that could affect Ballard’s future performance, please
refer to Ballard’s most recent Annual Information Form.

 

Readers should not place undue reliance on Ballard’s forward-looking statements and Ballard assumes
no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward looking statements, other than as
required under applicable legislation.





     
     
     





    Further Information

     
    


    Public Relations: Guy McAree, +1.604.412.7919, media@ballard.com


    Investor Relations: Lori Rozali, +1.604.412.3195

     
    , investors@ballard.com