Exhibit  EX-99.1








Exhibit 99.1



FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


Contact:


Linda Chien

Investor Relations

51job, Inc.

+(86-21) 6879-6250

investor.relations@51job.com


51job, Inc. Announces Passing of Board Member Dr. Xiaoyue Chen



SHANGHAI, China, March 22, 2010 – 51job, Inc. (Nasdaq: JOBS), a leading provider of integrated
human resource services in China, regretfully announced today that Board of Directors member Dr.
Xiaoyue Chen has passed away. Dr. Chen joined 51job’s Board of Directors as an independent
director in 2007 and served as the chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee
and a member of the audit committee.


“We are terribly saddened to learn of Dr. Chen’s passing,” said Rick Yan, President and Chief
Executive Officer of 51job, Inc. “He was a valued member of our Board of Directors and his
contribution will be deeply missed. On behalf of 51job, I extend our condolences to Dr. Chen’s
family and friends.”


Dr. Xiaoyue Chen was the Director of the Institute of Accountancy of Tsinghua University, a senior
consultant of Beijing National Accounting Institute and the Vice President of the China Appraisal
Society. He also served as a board member of China Shenhua Energy Co. Ltd., China Unicom Ltd. and
Yunnan Baiyao Group Co. Ltd. Dr. Chen held Bachelor, Master and Ph.D degrees in Engineering, all
from Tsinghua University.


In accordance with applicable regulatory and exchange requirements, 51job anticipates adding a new
independent director to serve on the audit committee by the next annual shareholders’
meeting but no later than one year from March 19, 2010.


About 51job


51job, Inc. (Nasdaq: JOBS) is a leading provider of integrated human resource services in China
with a strong focus on recruitment related services. Through print advertisements in 51job Weekly
and online recruitment services at http://www.51job.com, 51job enables enterprises to attract,
identify and recruit employees and connects millions of job seekers with employment opportunities.
51job also provides a number of other value-added human resource services, including business
process outsourcing, training, executive search and salary surveys. 51job has a call center in
Wuhan and a nationwide sales office network spanning 26 cities across China.