acl6k0708lensxex991.htm





    Exhibit
99.1
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Alcon
to Acquire LenSx Lasers, Inc., Developer of Femtosecond Laser Technology for
Increased Precision of Manual Surgical Steps during Cataract
Surgery
    
    
    HUENENBERG, Switzerland – July 6,
2010 – Alcon, Inc. (NYSE: ACL) announced
today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire LenSx Lasers,
Inc, a privately held company that developed the first femtosecond laser to
receive U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance for use as a part of
cataract surgery. The LenSx system is indicated for anterior capsulotomy and
laser phacofragmentation during cataract surgery, providing a complementary
surgical approach to certain manual steps within the traditional cataract
procedure.
    Alcon
will pay US $361.5 million in cash at closing to LenSx shareholders for their
shares, plus maximum contingent payments of US $382.5 million based upon the
achievement and over-achievement of future femtosecond unit and procedure fee
revenue milestones. The closing of this acquisition is subject to receipt of
required regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.
    The
innovative LenSx laser platform enables surgeons to perform some of the most
delicate manual steps of cataract surgery with image-guided visualization and
micron level laser precision. The LenSx laser enhances a surgeon’s ability to
predictably create a well centered anterior capsulorhexis of exact diameter, and
to effectively fragment the lens for removal with minimized phaco time and
power.
     “This
complementary technology aligns with Alcon’s strategic focus to help surgeons
improve every step of the cataract procedure. The LenSx laser provides surgeons
a new level of predictability and control over critical manual steps during
cataract removal – making those steps more precise and reliable,” said Stuart
Raetzman, vice president, Global Marketing and area president for the United
States.
    “The LenSx femtosecond laser has been
designed to advance the precision and reproducibility of key manual portions of
the cataract procedure, something we have seen lasers do repeatedly in other
ophthalmic procedures,” said Stephen Slade, M.D., Slade and Baker Vision,
Houston, TX, who performed the initial series of LenSx laser procedures in the
United States. “This laser delivered improved post-surgical refractive outcomes
for my patients with a more exact size, shape and centration of the capsulotomy
and precise centering of the intraocular lens.  I was able to reduce
the phacoemulsification energy and time – further enhancing cataract surgery by
providing a safe and more accurate refractive outcome.  From a
patient’s perspective, I have never seen the potential benefits of a technology
so quickly understood and accepted.”
    
    About
Cataract Surgery
    Cataracts
are the world’s leading cause of treatable blindness and cataract surgery is the
most frequently performed ophthalmic procedure globally. A cataract cannot be
prevented and is a “clouding” of the eye’s natural lens, which results in
blurred or defocused vision. Cataract surgery is a simple operation where a
surgeon removes the eye's clouded natural lens and replaces it with an
artificial intraocular lens. Femtosecond lasers have been used for more than 3
million LASIK refractive surgical procedures and now the LenSx laser system
brings laser technology to cataract surgery for the first time.
    
    About
Alcon
    Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.5
billion in 2009. Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic industry for
65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceuticals,
surgical equipment and devices, contacts lens solutions and other vision care
products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions of the eye. Alcon
operates in 75 countries and sells products in 180 markets.  For more
information on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s web site at www.alcon.com.
    
    About LenSx Lasers,
Inc.
    LenSx
Lasers, Inc. is a privately held venture backed company located in Aliso Viejo,
California.  Venture capital investors are Versant Ventures, SV Life
Sciences, InterWest Partners and Venture Investors.
    
    
    ###
    
    Caution Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. This press release may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995.  Any forward- looking statements reflect the views of our
management as of the date of this press release with respect to future events
and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Except to the extent required under the federal securities laws and
the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these
forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new information or future events
or circumstances or otherwise.
    
    
    Investor
Inquiries:
    Doug
MacHatton
    817-551-8974
    doug.machatton@alconlabs.com
    
    
    Media
Inquiries:
    Melissa
Mota
    817-551-4007
    melissa.mota@alconlabs.com
    www.alcon.com