acl6k0104novartisex991.htm





    Exhibit
99.1
     
    
    
    
    For Immediate
Release
     
    Novartis
Announces Option Exercise and Merger Proposal
     
    
    HUENENBERG, Switzerland – January 4,
2010 – Novartis AG (NYSE: NVS) announced today that it had exercised its
option to purchase the remaining shares in Alcon, Inc. (NYSE: ACL) owned by
Nestle S.A. at a weighted average price of US$180 per share in
cash.  The exercise is pursuant to an agreement between Nestle and
Novartis that was executed on
    April 7,
2008.  The option exercise is subject to regulatory approvals and
covers approximately 156 million shares of Alcon held by Nestle, representing
approximately 52 percent of Alcon’s outstanding shares.  Upon
consummation of the purchase, Novartis would own an approximate 77 percent
interest in Alcon.
    Novartis
also announced that it has submitted to the Alcon board of directors a proposal
for a merger of Alcon with and into Novartis to be effected under Swiss merger
law.  Under the terms of the merger proposal, holders of the
approximately 23 percent of Alcon shares that are publicly-traded would receive
2.8 Novartis shares for each Alcon share.  Based on the Novartis share
price and U.S. dollar/Swiss franc exchange rates prior to the announcement, this
would value each publicly-traded share of Alcon at approximately
US$153.  The proposed merger would be contingent upon, among other
things, approval by the Alcon Board of Directors, the closing of the purchase
and sale transaction related to the Novartis option exercise as well as receipt
of required regulatory approvals.
    The
Independent Director Committee, composed of Alcon’s three independent board
members, was formed in 2008 in connection with Novartis’ initial purchase of
approximately 25
percent of the Alcon Shares from Nestle to evaluate transactions such as the
proposed merger.  The Committee has engaged independent financial and
legal counsel in connection with its evaluation of the proposed
merger.
    
    About
Alcon
    Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.3
billion in 2008.  Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic
industry for 65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices, contacts lens solutions and
other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions
of the eye.  Alcon operates in 75 countries and sells products in 180
markets.  For more information on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s web
site at www.alcon.com.
    
    # #
#
    
    Caution Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. This press release may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Any forward-looking statements reflect the views of our management as
of the date of this press release with respect to future events and are based on
assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties,
you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. There
can be no guarantee that Novartis or Alcon will achieve any particular future
financial results or future growth rates or that Novartis or Alcon will be able
to realize any potential synergies, strategic benefits or opportunities as a
result of the consummation of the Novartis purchase or the proposed merger.  Except
to the extent required under the federal securities laws and the rules and

    
      - more
- -
    
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
         

      
      
         
      
    
    regulations
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements,
whether to reflect new information or future events or circumstances or
otherwise.
    
    
    Investor
and Media Inquiries:
     
    Doug
MacHatton
    817-551-8974
    doug.machatton@alconlabs.com