Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard Fuel Cell System to Produce Clean Power From By-Product Hydrogen


For Immediate Release


VANCOUVER and TORONTO, CANADA– August 5, 2010 – Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) and
K2 Pure Solutions (K2) today announced that they have finalized a sales agreement for deployment of
a clean energy fuel cell power generator to be sited at a K2 Pure Solutions bleach plant in
Pittsburg, California. Ballard’s CLEARgen™ fuel cell system will convert by-product hydrogen into
clean load-following electricity that will partially offset power demand at the state-of-the-art
bleach plant.


K2’s vertically integrated plant will generate the highest quality safer produced bleach. For water
utilities and other industries, K2’s safer produced bleach provides an alternative to
conventionally made bleach, typically manufactured from chlorine transported by railcar.


The CLEARgen™ system will utilize by-product hydrogen that would otherwise be burned to generate
heat. In supplementing its power requirements with the 163 kilowatt fuel cell generator, K2 Pure
Solutions will displace approximately 220 tons of CO2 emissions annually, equivalent to removing
almost 40 passenger cars from the road. This initial small-scale installation will be supported by
California’s Self Generation Incentive Program (SGIP), which has to date created over 337 megawatts
of clean, rebated energy capacity for the state.


David Cynamon, Executive Chairman of K2 Pure Solutions said, “The Ballard fuel cell solution is a
great fit with our sustainable energy strategy. By combining our Inherently Safe Technology with
Ballard’s CLEARgen™ fuel cell solution, we will be able to produce high-quality bleach with nothing
more than water, inert salt and affordable, environmentally clean electricity.”


“The CLEARgen™ fuel cell system is designed to be scalable to customers’ requirements, from 163
kilowatts to over 10 megawatts. It can offset power demand at industrial process plants, and can
also be used in a clean energy storage solution for grid-scale renewable energy projects,” added
Michael Goldstein, Ballard’s Chief Commercial Officer. “The Ballard system provides dependable
clean power at a lower cost and higher efficiency than any other zero-emission product.”


Ballard’s CLEARgen™ fuel cell system converts hydrogen into cost-effective electricity that may be
used onsite by the customer or sold back to the grid for use in the community. The agreement
between Ballard and K2 Pure Solutions anticipates receipt of a routine air permit exemption for the
fuel cell system from the Bay Area Air Quality Management District and a grant from the SGIP, with
installation and commissioning planned for completion in early- to mid-2012. 


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) provides clean energy fuel cell products enabling
optimized power systems for a range of applications. To learn more about Ballard, please visit
www.ballard.com.


About K2 Pure Solutions

K2 Pure Solutions manufactures products essential to modern life through environmentally
sustainable and Inherently Safe Technology. K2 Pure Solutions was founded by David Cynamon and
Howard Brodie, the founders of KIK Custom Products, North America’s largest contract manufacturer
of private label household bleach, personal care and household cleaning products. K2 also includes
Centre Partners (www.centrepartners.com) among its partners; a leading middle market private equity
firm with offices in New York and Los Angeles. David Cynamon and Howard Brodie have partnered with
Centre Partners since 1997. For more information visit: www.k2pure.com.





     
     
     
     
     
     
     





    Further Information
Ballard Power Systems
Investor Relations:

     
    

Lori Rozali
+1.604.412.3195
investors@ballard.com

     
    

Public Relations:

     
    

Guy McAree
+1.604.412.7919
media@ballard.com


    K2 Pure
Solutions, L.P:

     
    David Cynamon
Executive Chairman
+1.647.436.0009
dcynamon@k2pure.com