Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. Adjourns Annual General Meeting of
    Shareholders
in Shenyang to Wednesday, November 17, 2010
    
    Shenyang,
China, October 27, 2010 – A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR)
(“A-Power” or the “Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation
systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today
announced that its 2010 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of shareholders,
originally scheduled to be held on Wednesday, October 27, 2010 at 9:00 a.m.
Beijing time, was adjourned until Wednesday, November 17, 2010 at 9 a.m. Beijing
time, or 8 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Tuesday, November 16, 2010. The AGM
will be reconvened at the Company’s offices at No. 44 Jingxing North Street,
12th Floor, Tiexi District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province, China 110021. The
shareholder record date remains Monday, September 20, 2010.
    
    The AGM
was adjourned to provide the Company with additional time to solicit proxies
from its shareholders to establish the requisite quorum for the conduct of
business at the AGM. To hold a meeting and conduct business, a majority of the
Company’s outstanding voting shares as of the record date must be present or
represented by proxy at the meeting, as adjourned, to constitute quorum. During
the pendency of the adjourned meeting, shareholders are encouraged to vote on
the proposal to be considered at the AGM. Shareholders may also change their
vote by executing a new proxy. Shareholders as of the record date who have not
yet voted should expect to be notified with a duplicate proxy.
    
    Shareholders
who have any additional questions regarding any of the proposals or on how to
vote your shares, please call Morrow & Co., LLC, the Company’s proxy
solicitor, toll free at (800) 607-0088.
    
    About
A-Power
    
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is a leading provider of distributed power generation systems in
China and is expanding into the production of alternative power generation
systems. Focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly DG projects
of 25MW to 400MW, A-Power also operates one of the largest wind turbine
manufacturing facilities in China and in March 2009, entered into an agreement
to establish a partnership with W2E Wind To Energy GmbH to produce wind turbine
gearboxes in Shenyang, Liaoning Province.  It also acquired Evatech, a
designer and manufacturer of industrial equipment for amorphous-silicon (a-Si)
photovoltaic (PV) panels, in 2010.
    
    In
addition to the establishment of strategic relationships with the world's
leading wind energy design and engineering companies, A-Power has formed joint
research programs with Tsinghua University and the China Academy of Sciences to
develop and commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more
information, please visit http://www.apowerenergy.com .
     
    
      
         
      
      
         
        
          
        
      
      
         
      
    
    Safe
Harbor Statement
    
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "may", "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future,"
"intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements.
Statements that are not historical facts, including statements relating to
anticipated future earnings, margins, and other operating results, future
growth, construction plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and
entry into expanded markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements, based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management,
are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to
differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited
to, the risk that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our
operating results in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience
construction, manufacturing and development delays on our projects which could
adversely affect our financial condition and operating results; our limited
operating history and recent entrance into new lines of business and
jurisdictional markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business
and future prospects; we may not be able to successfully develop our business in
new jurisdictional markets, which would have a negative impact on the results of
our operations derived from such new jurisdictional markets; our customers may
not be able to obtain the financing required for these projects, and thus, we
may not be able to derive revenues from such agreements, as well as other
relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required under applicable
law.
    
    For
more information, please contact:
    
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    John S.
Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    Email:
john@apowerenergy.com