acl6k2010agminvex991.htm





    Exhibit
99.1
    
    
    
    Invitation
to the
    Annual
General Meeting of Alcon, Inc.
    
    __________________________
    
    Thursday,
May 20, 2010, 2:00 p.m. (doors open at 1:00 p.m.)
    Congress
Center Metalli at the Parkhotel Zug, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Agenda
    
    
    
      
      
        

              
                1.  
              
              
                Approval
      of the 2009 Annual Report and Accounts of Alcon, Inc. and the

                2009
      Consolidated Financial Statements of Alcon, Inc. and
      Subsidiaries
              
            
      
      
      
        

              
                2.  
              
              
                Appropriation
      of Available Earnings and Proposed Dividend to Shareholders
                for
      the Financial Year 2009
              
            
      
       
      
        
          

                
                  3.  
                
                
                  Discharge
      of the Members of the Board of Directors for the Financial Year
      2009
                
              
        
        
        
          

                
                  4.  
                
                
                  Election
      of the Auditors
                
              
        
        
          
          
            

                  
                    5.  
                  
                  
                    Election
      of the Special Auditors
                  
                
          
           
        
      
    
    
      

            
              6.  
            
            
              Amendments
      to the Articles of Association
            
          
    
    
    
      

            
              7.  
            
            
              Elections
      to the Board of Directors
            
          
    
    
    
    
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    April 8,
2010
     
    Dear
Shareholder:
     
    On behalf of our Board of Directors, we
would like to invite you to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Alcon,
Inc. to be held at the Congress Center Metalli, Zug, Switzerland, on Thursday,
May 20, 2010.  Various items are proposed for approval at the
meeting.  The agenda and related information are set out
below.
     
    Your vote is important.  If
you are a registered holder, please vote now by proxy so that your shares are
represented at the meeting.  You can vote your shares by marking your
choices on the enclosed proxy card, and then signing, dat­ing and mailing it
in the enclosed envelope or by following the Internet or telephone voting
instructions on the proxy card.  Using any of these methods, you
authorize Alcon, Inc. to vote your shares as you specified.  If you
authorize Alcon, Inc. to vote your shares without giving any instructions, your
shares will be voted in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors
with regard to the items listed on the agenda.  If new proposals
(other than those on the agenda) are being put forth before the meeting, the
Alcon, Inc. representative will vote your shares in accordance with the position
of the Board of Directors.  Proxy forms must be sent to the Company in
the enclosed envelope, arriving no later than May 13.
     
    If you are a registered holder, you may
also authorize the inde­pendent representative, Ms. Andrea Hodel,
Attorney-At-Law, Zug, Swit­zerland, with full rights of substitution, to
vote your shares on your behalf.  Ms. Hodel’s address
is:  Industriestrasse 13c, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland.  If you
authorize the independent representative to vote your shares without giving
instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the proposals of the
Board of Directors with regard to the items listed on the agenda.  If
new proposals (other than those on the agenda) are being put forth before the
meeting, the independent representative will abstain from voting your shares
with regards to any such new proposals.  Proxy forms authorizing the
independent representative to vote your shares on your behalf must be sent to
the Company in the enclosed envelope or directly to the independent
representative, arriving no later than May 13.
     
    Alternatively, if you are a registered
holder, you may choose to attend the meet­ing and vote in person, or appoint
a proxy of your choice to vote at the meeting for you.  The proxy need
not be a shareholder.  If you choose to attend the meeting in person,
or appoint a proxy to attend on your behalf, your shares can only be voted at
the meeting.  To select one of these options, please complete the
attendance portion of the enclosed proxy card and return it to the
Company in the enclosed envelope, arriving no later than May 13.
     
    If you are a beneficial owner, you are
requested to instruct your broker or custodian as to how to vote your shares
using the instruction form provided to you.  You may also instruct
your broker or custodian to authorize the independent representative to vote
your shares.  Alternatively, if you wish to vote in person then you
need to:
     
    
      

            
              a)  
            
            
              obtain
      a power of attorney from your broker or other custodian authorizing you to
      vote the shares held for you by that broker or custodian, and request an
      admission card using the power of attorney;
or
            
          
    
     
    
      

            
              b)  
            
            
              become
      a registered holder no later than April 30, and request an admission card
      by that date.
            
          
    
     
    Each holder wishing to attend the
meeting in person must present his/her admission card before 1:45 p.m. on May
20, 2010, at one of the control offices at the meeting location for
validation.  Doors open at 1:00 p.m.  Registered shareholders who have
appointed Alcon, Inc. or the independent representative as a proxy and
beneficial owners who have not obtained a power of attorney from their broker or
custodian may not attend the meeting in person or send an alternate proxy of
their choice to represent them at the meeting.
     
    Please note that shareholders who have
sold their shares before the meeting date are not entitled to vote or
participate in the meeting.
     
    Very
sincerely yours,
    Alcon,
Inc.
    
    
      
        

              
                Cary
      Rayment
                Chairman
              
              
                Elaine
      Whitbeck, Esq.
                Corporate
      Secretary
                and
      General Counsel
              
            
      
      
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    
    Shareholder
Information
    
    
    Stock
exchange listings
    
    The
shares of Alcon, Inc. are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the
symbol “ACL.”
    
    Registered
office
    
    Alcon,
Inc., Bösch 69, P.O. Box 62, CH-6331
    Hünenberg,
Switzerland
    Telephone
+41-41 785-8888
    
    Further
information
    
    For any
additional information about Alcon, Inc., please contact Alcon Investor
Relations, 6201 South Freeway, MCT7-5, Fort Worth, Texas, 76134-2099, Telephone
(800) 400-8599, E-mail investor.relations@alconlabs.com
or visit our web site at www.alcon.com.
    
    Important
dates
    
    April 27,
2010
    Announcement
of first quarter 2010 earnings
    
    May 20,
2010
    Annual
General Meeting
    
    May 26,
2010
    Record
date for payment of dividend
    
    May 27,
2010 – June 2, 2010
    Currency
election period
    
    June 9,
2010
    Payment
of dividend
    
    July 27,
2010
    Announcement
of second quarter 2010 earnings
    
    October
26, 2010
    Announcement
of third quarter 2010 earnings
    
    February
15, 2011
    Announcement
of fourth quarter 2010 earnings (date may be subject to change)
    
    May 19,
2011
    Next
Annual General Meeting
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    Item
1
    
    Approval
of the 2009 Annual Report and Accounts of Alcon, Inc. and the
    2009
Consolidated Financial Statements of Alcon, Inc. and Subsidiaries
    
    
      

            
              A.
            
            
              Proposal
            
          
    
    
    The Board
of Directors proposes that the 2009 Annual Report and Accounts of Alcon, Inc.
and the 2009 Consolidated Financial Statements of Alcon, Inc. and Subsidiaries
be approved.
    
    
      

            
              B.
            
            
              Explanations
            
          
    
    
    The
Alcon, Inc. 2009 Financial Report containing the Company’s audited consolidated
financial statements with accompanying notes and required Swiss disclosures and
its audited Swiss statutory financial statements prepared in accordance with
Swiss law is available in the Investors & Media section of the Company’s web
site at www.alcon.com.  Copies of this document may be obtained
without charge by contacting Alcon Investor Relations either by phone or in
writing at the address indicated above.  Copies are also available for
physical inspection at the Alcon, Inc. registered office.
    
    
    Item
2
    
    Appropriation
of Available Earnings and Proposed
    Dividend
to Shareholders for the Financial Year 2009
    
    
      

            
              A.  
            
            
              Proposal
            
          
    
    
    The Board
of Directors proposes that Alcon, Inc. earnings be appropriated, and a dividend
be paid to shareholders, as follows:
    
    
      

            
              Profit
      carried forward from the financial year 2008
            
            
              
                CHF 1,338,134,883
              
            
          
            
              Profit
      for the financial year 2009 as per the income statement
            
            
              
                CHF
      1,409,712,910
              
            
          
            
              Allocation
      to Dividends: CHF 3.95
      per share
            
            
              
                CHF
      1,207,914,207
              
            
          
            
              Balance
      to be carried forward
            
            
              
                CHF
      1,539,933,586
              
            
          
    
    
    
    
      

            
              B.  
            
            
              Explanations
            
          
    
    
    The Board
of Directors proposes a dividend of CHF 3.95 (approximately USD 3.70 based on
the USD/CHF exchange rate in effect on February 17, 2010) per share for the
financial year 2009.  The dividend, net of Swiss withholding taxes,
will be paid out on June 9, 2010, to all shareholders of record as of May 26,
2010.  Dividend payments will be made in USD converted at the USD/CHF
exchange rate on June 7, 2010, unless shareholders timely elect to receive
dividends in CHF.  The election period will commence May 27, 2010 and
expire on June 2, 2010, at 4:00 p.m. (EDT).  Elections must be sent in
writing to the following address:
    
    BNY
Mellon Shareowner Services
    Attn:  Kerri
Shenkin
    480
Washington Boulevard
    29th
Floor
    Jersey
City, NJ 07310 USA
    Fax
number:  (201) 680-4604
    
    Elections
must be renewed each year.
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    
    The CHF 1,207,914,207allocated to dividends above includes
CHF 23,463,000 representing the net additional
dividends that would be payable if all vested stock options and share-settled
stock appreciation rights were exercised and restricted shares and restricted
share units vested in 2010 prior to the record date for the dividend payment
after giving effect to repurchases of Alcon, Inc. shares through the dividend
record date of May 26, 2010.  Dividends associated with stock options
and share-settled stock appreciation rights which are not exercised by the
dividend record date and with any shares acquired by Alcon, Inc. and
subsidiaries in 2010 and held in Treasury on the dividend record date, will be
transferred to retained earnings.
    
    
    Item
3
    
    Discharge
of the Members of the Board of Directors for the Financial Year
2009
    
    
      

            
              A.  
            
            
              Proposal
            
          
    
    
    The Board
of Directors proposes that discharge be granted to the members of the Board of
Directors for the financial year 2009.
    
    
      

            
              B.  
            
            
              Explanations
            
          
    
    
    Under
Swiss statutory law, the Board of Directors may seek discharge from the
shareholders upon approval by the shareholders of the annual financial
statements.  If discharge is granted, the corporation and those
shareholders who have voted in favor of discharge cannot assert any claims based
on Swiss corporation law for directors’ liability with respect to matters then
known to the shareholders.  The right to assert liability claims still
exists, however, with respect to matters not known to the shareholders on the
date on which discharge was granted.
    
    
    Item
4
    
    Election
of the Auditors
    
    
      

            
              A.  
            
            
              Proposal
            
          
    
    
    The Board
of Directors proposes that KPMG AG, Zug (“KPMG AG”), be re-elected as the
Company Auditors for a one-year term of office.
    
    
      

            
              B.  
            
            
              Explanations
            
          
    
    
    KPMG AG
has confirmed its willingness to be appointed as the Auditors.  To the
extent necessary in connection with a review of the U.S. GAAP financial
statements of Alcon, Inc., KPMG AG will draw on the expertise and the resources
of KPMG LLP, Fort Worth, Texas (USA).  KPMG LLP will also be retained
for the filings to be made by Alcon, Inc. with the U.S. regulatory
authorities.
    
    KPMG AG
has confirmed to the audit committee of the Alcon, Inc. Board of Directors that
it possesses the level of independence required by Swiss statutory law to take
on this role, and KPMG LLP has further confirmed that it satisfies the
requirements in terms of independence imposed by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    Item
5
    
    Election
of the Special Auditors
    
    
      

            
              A.  
            
            
              Proposal
            
          
    
    
    The Board
of Directors proposes that OBT AG, Zürich, be re-elected as Special Auditors for
a one-year term of office.
    
    
      

            
              B.  
            
            
              Explanations
            
          
    
    
    Article
27 of the Alcon, Inc. Articles of Association allows for appointment of a
special auditing firm to be entrusted with the examinations required under
applicable law in connection with capital increases.  OBT AG has
confirmed its willingness to be reappointed as special auditors.
    
    
    Item
6
    Amendments
to the Articles of Association
    
    
      

            
              A.  
            
            
              Proposals
            
          
    
     
    (i) The Board of Directors proposes to
delete article 6 of the Articles of Association and to replace it in its
entirety with the following:
    
    
      

            
              Artikel
      6: Aktien
               
              1
      Die Gesellschaft gibt ihre Namenaktien in Form von Einzelurkunden,
      Globalurkunden oder Wertrechten aus. Der Gesellschaft steht es im Rahmen
      der gesetzlichen Vorgaben frei, ihre in einer dieser Formen ausgegebenen
      Namenaktien jederzeit und ohne Zustimmung der Aktionäre in eine andere
      Form umzuwandeln. Sie trägt dafür die 
              Kosten.
            
            
              Article 6: Shares
               
              1
      The Company may issue its registered shares in the form of single
      certificates, global certificates and uncertificated securities. Under the
      conditions set forth by statutory law, the Company may convert its
      registered shares from one form into another form at any time and without
      the approval of the shareholders. The Company shall bear the cost of any
      such conversion.
            
          
            
              2
      Aktionäre haben keinen Anspruch auf Umwandlung von in bestimmter Form
      ausgegebenen Namenaktien in eine andere Form. Jeder Aktionär kann jedoch
      von der Gesellschaft jederzeit die Ausstellung einer Bescheinigung über
      die von ihm gemäss Aktienbuch gehaltenen Namenaktien
      verlangen.
            
            
              2
      Shareholders have no right to demand a conversion of the form of
      the registered shares. Each shareholder may, however, at any time request
      a written confirmation from the Company of the registered shares held by
      such shareholder, as reflected in the share register.
            
          
            
              3
      Bucheffekten, denen Namenaktien der Gesellschaft zugrunde liegen,
      können nicht 
              durch
      Zession übertragen werden. An diesen Bucheffekten können auch keine
      Sicherheiten durch Zession bestellt werden.
            
            
              3
      Intermediated securities based on registered shares of the Company
      cannot be transferred by way of assignment. A security interest in any
      such intermediated securities also cannot be granted by way of
      assignment.
            
          
    
    
    (ii) The Board of Directors further
proposes to amend article 20 para. 1, 2 and 3 of the Articles of Association as
follows (proposed changes are marked):
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    
    
    
      

            
              Artikel
      20: Amtsdauer
               
              1
      Die Verwaltungsratsmitglieder werden für eine Amtsdauer von drei
      Jahren gewählt. Mitglieder, deren Amtsdauer abgelaufen ist, sind
      wiederwählbar. Die maximale Amtszeit nicht geschäftsführender Mitglieder
      des Verwaltungsrates beträgt drei vier Amtsperioden.
            
            
              Article 20: Term of
      office
               
              1
      The members of the Board of Directors shall be elected to serve
      three-year terms. Members of the Board of Directors whose terms of office
      have expired shall be eligible for re-election. Non-executive Directors
      may only be appointed for up to three four terms of office.
            
          
            
              2
      Jedes Jahr wird der Verwaltungsrat teilweise erneuert. Soweit möglich soll
      die Anzahl 
              der
      wiederzuwählenden Verwaltungsratsmitglieder jedes Jahr gleich gross sein
      und so gewählt werden, dass sich jedes Verwaltungsratsmitglied nach einer
      Amtsdauer von 
              drei
      Jahren zur Wiederwahl stellen muss. Der Verwaltungsrat legt die
      Reihenfolge der Wiederwahl fest, wobei die erste Amtszeit
      Amtsdauer einiger Verwaltungsräte auch weniger
      als drei Jahre betragen kann. Unter einem Jahr ist dabei der Zeitabschnitt
      zwischen zwei ordentlichen Generalversammlungen zu
    verstehen.
            
            
              2
      Each year the Board of Directors shall be renewed by rotation, to
      the extent possible in equal numbers and in such manner that, after a
      period of three years, all members will have been subject to re-election.
      The Board of Directors shall establish the order of rotation, whereas the
      first term of office of some members may be less than three years. In this
      regard, one year shall mean the period between two Ordinary Shareholders'
      Meetings.
            
          
            
              3
      Sollte die Anzahl der Verwaltungsratsmitglieder verkleinert oder
      vergrössert werden, 
              legt
      der Verwaltungsrat eine neue Reihenfolge der Wiederwahl fest. In diesem
      Fall kann die Amtszeit
      Amtsdauer einiger Verwaltungsräte auch weniger
      als drei Jahre betragen.
            
            
              3
      In the event of an increase or a decrease in the number of
      Directors, the Board of Directors shall establish a new order of rotation.
      It follows that the term of office of some members may be less than three
      years.
            
          
             
      
             
      
          
    
    
      

            
              B.  
            
            
              Explanations
            
          
    
     
    (i) On January 1, 2010, the Federal
Intermediated Securities Act (FISA) entered into
force.  The FISA created an express legal foundation for the creation,
transfer and pledge of intermediary-held securities.  As most Swiss
corporations listed on a stock exchange, Alcon, Inc. does not issue paper-form
share certificates, but issues its registered shares in book-entry
form.  With the introduction of the FISA, it is no longer necessary to
provide for provisions on the issuance of certificates and the transfer and
pledge of shares issued in uncertificated form as set forth in article 6 of the
Articles of Association.  Accordingly, the Board of Directors proposes
to replace article 6 of the Articles of Association to align Alcon, Inc.'s
Articles of Association with the new legal situation.
    (ii)           Upon
approval of the proposed amendment to the Articles of Association, Non-executive
Directors shall be given the possibility to serve up to four terms of office
(i.e., maximum 12
years) instead of three terms of office (i.e., maximum 9 years),
thereby providing for more stability and continuity within the Board of
Directors.  The proposed amendment is in line with the provisions of
the Swiss Code of Obligations and corporate governance principles.  At
this occasion, the Board of Directors proposes a minor editorial amendment to
the German version of article 20 para. 2 and 3 of the Articles of Association to
assure the use of uniform terminology throughout the Articles of
Association.
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    
    Item
7
    
    Elections
to the Board of Directors
    
    
      

            
               
      
            
            
              Proposal
            
          
    
    
    
    The Board
of Directors proposes that each of Werner Bauer, Francisco Castañer and Lodewijk
J.R. de Vink be re-elected to the Board of Directors for a three-year term of
office.
    
    
      

            
               
      
            
            
              Explanations
            
          
    
    
    
    Werner Bauer. Dr. Werner J.
Bauer joined the Alcon, Inc. Board in March 2002 and has served as Executive
Vice President, Technical, Production, Environment and R&D of Nestlé S.A.
since May 2002.  Dr. Bauer began his career with Nestlé S.A. in 1990
as Head of Nestlé Research Center in Lausanne, Switzerland. In 1996, he became
Head of R&D worldwide. In 1998, he moved to South Africa as Technical
Manager for Nestlé South and East Africa and in 2000 he took over the position
of Managing Director, Nestlé South and East Africa.  Dr. Bauer is
chairman and director of Sofinol S.A., Life Ventures S.A. and Nutrition-Wellness
Venture AG.  Dr. Bauer also serves as a director of L’Oréal S.A. and
Uprona (Canada) Ltd.  He is a member of the Supervisory Board of
Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW) and Nestlé Deutschland AG.  Dr. Bauer
is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Bertelsmann Foundation, Germany, a
board member of the Swiss Society of Chemical Industries, Switzerland, and a
member of the Bertelsmann Verwaltungs Gesellschaft (BVG), Germany.
      
    Francisco Castañer. Francisco
Castañer joined the Alcon, Inc. Board in July 2001.  Mr. Castañer
served as Executive Vice President, Pharmaceutical and Cosmetic Products,
Liaison with L’Oréal S.A., Human Resources and Corporate Affairs of Nestlé from
1997 to 2009.  In 1987, Mr. Castañer was named Managing Director and
in 1991 Vice President of the Board of Nestlé España S.A., holding this position
until his transfer to Switzerland and his promotion to Executive Vice President
of Nestlé S.A. in June 1997.  Prior to 1987, Mr. Castañer was employed
in various capacities both in Switzerland and in Spain.   Mr.
Castañer began his career with Nestlé in the Market Research Department of
Nestlé España S.A. in 1964.  Mr. Castañer continues to represent
Nestlé S.A. as a director on the boards of Galderma Pharma S.A. and L’Oréal
S.A.
    
    Lodewijk J.R. de Vink.
Lodewijk J.R. de Vink joined the Alcon, Inc. Board in March
2002.  Mr. de Vink has served as Founding Partner of Blackstone Health
Care Partners since April 2003.  Prior to that, he was Chairman,
International Health Care Partners from November 2002-2003, and Chairman, Global
Health Care Partners, Credit Suisse First Boston, from November 2000 – September
2002.   Mr. de Vink was formerly Chairman, President and CEO of
Warner-Lambert Company.  He joined Warner-Lambert as President of
International Operations in 1988, was elected President in 1991, and then
Chairman and CEO in May 1999.  Before Warner-Lambert, Mr. de Vink
spent twenty years at Schering-Plough where he held many international
assignments, leaving there as President of Schering
International.  Mr. de Vink is a member of the board of directors of
Roche Holding AG and Flamel Technologies S.A.  Mr. de Vink is also a
member of the European Advisory Council, Rothschild & Cie as well as a
Member of Sotheby’s International Advisory Board.
    
    
    
    
    Organizational
Matters
    
    Admission
cards/Voting material
     
    Shareholders who are registered in
the share register on March 24,
2010, will receive the proxy and admission form (including the voting
material) directly from the share registrar of the
Company.  Beneficial owners of shares will receive an instruction form
from their broker or custodian to indicate how they wish their shares to be
voted.  Beneficial owners who wish to attend the shareholders’ meeting
in person are requested to
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    obtain a
power of attorney from their broker or other custodian that authorizes them to
vote the shares held for them by the broker or custodian, and to request an
admission card using the power of attorney.
     
    Beneficial owners of shares and
shareholders registered in the share register as of March 24, 2010, are
enti­tled to vote and may participate in the shareholders’ meet­ing unless they sell
their shares before the shareholders’ meeting takes
place.  Each share carries one vote.
     
    Persons who have acquired shares after March
24, 2010, but on or before April 30, 2010, will receive
the proxy and admission form (including the voting material) shortly before the
meeting.  Shareholders who have acquired shares after that date may
not attend the Annual General Meeting of Alcon, Inc.  Shareholders who
have sold their shares
before the meeting date are not entitled to vote or participate in the
meeting.
     
    Granting
of powers of attorney
     
    Registered shareholders who are
unable to participate in the shareholders’ meeting may appoint as a
representative another shareholder, a third party, their bank or a corporate
proxy holder.  Ms. Andrea Hodel, Attorney-at-Law, Industriestrasse
13c, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland, is also avail­able as
an independent representative, with full rights of substitution, in the sense of
article 689c of the Swiss Code of Ob­ligations.
     
    The power of attorney on the
application form must be filled in accordingly, signed and returned to the
address indicated below or to the independent representative arriving no later
than May 13, 2010.  Powers of attorney are revocable, but Alcon, Inc.
will treat any power of attorney as being valid unless the revocation has been
sent in writing to Alcon, Inc. at the address referred to
below.
     
    Alcon, Inc.
    c/o BNY Mellon Shareowner
Services
    P.O. Box 3531
    S.
Hackensack,  NJ  07606-9231
    
    Registered shareholders who have
appointed Alcon, Inc. or the independent representative as a proxy may not
attend the meeting in person or send a proxy of their choice to the
meeting.
     
    With regard to the items listed on
the agenda and without any explicit instructions to the contrary, the corporate
proxy holder and independent representative will vote according to the proposals
of the Board of Directors.  If new proposals (other than those on the
agenda) are being put forth before the meeting, the corporate proxy holder will
vote in accordance with the position of the Board of Directors and the
independent representative will abstain from voting regarding new
proposals.  Shareholders who sign and return their power of attorney
without indi­cating a representative will be represented by the corporate
proxy holder.
     
    Beneficial owners who have not
obtained a power of attorney from their broker or custodian are not entitled to
attend or participate in the meeting.
     
    Proxy
holders of deposited shares
     
    Proxy holders of deposited shares in
accordance with article 689d of the Swiss Code of Obligations are kindly asked
to inform the Company of the number of the shares they rep­resent as soon as
possible, but no later than May 20, 2010, 1:00 p.m. at the admis­sion
office.
     
    Admission
office
     
    The admission office opens on the
day of the shareholders’
meeting at 1:00 p.m.  Share­holders are kindly asked to present
their admission cards at the entrance.
     
    April 8,
2010