Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    A-POWER
ENERGY GENERATION SYSTEMS LTD. ANNOUNCES
    CLOSING
OF PRIVATE PLACEMENT
    
    SHENYANG, China, January 21, 2010 —
A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR) ("A-Power" or "the
Company"), a leading provider of distributed power generation ("DG") systems in
China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today announced that it
has closed a private placement for $83 million in cash with several
institutional investors. The net proceeds from the placement will be used to
fund a portion of the purchase price of the Company’s previously announced
EVATECH acquisition and the remainder of the net proceeds have been designated
for investment in additional components for the manufacturing of turbines,
funding of existing projects and additional working capital.
    
    The
Company issued to institutional investors 5,777,932 Common Shares
(“Shares”) at a price of $14.37 per share.  In addition, the Company
issued to the investors warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,888,966
Shares, 2,099,822 of the warrants are exercisable at $16.90 per Share and
the remainder are exercisable at $16.91 per Share.  The warrants will
be initially exercisable six months after January 21, 2010 and will remain
exercisable for a five-year period thereafter.
    
    The
Company has agreed to register for resale the Shares, the Warrants and the
shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
    
    The
securities sold in this transaction have not been registered under the
Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States in
the absence of an effective registration statement or exemption from such
registration requirements.
    
    Further
information concerning the terms of the offering, including copies of the forms
of the relevant agreements, and certain additional information regarding recent
developments relating to the Company, will be included in a Report on Form 6-K
being filed contemporaneously with the SEC.  The Report will be
available on the SEC’s website (www.SEC.gov).
    
    About
A-Power
     
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In March
2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture partnership
with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in Shenyang.
In addition to the establishment of strategic relationships with world's leading
wind energy design and engineering companies, A-Power has formed joint research
programs with Tsinghua University and the China Academy of Sciences to develop
and commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information,
please visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
     
    
      
         

      
      
         

        
          
        
      
      
         

      
    
    
    Safe
Harbor Statement
     
    This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction,
manufacturing and development delays on our projects which could adversely
affect our financial condition and operating results; our limited operating
history and recent entrance into new jurisdictional markets may make it
difficult for you to evaluate our business and future prospects; we may not be
able to successfully develop our business in new jurisdictional markets, which
would have a negative impact on the results of our operations derived from such
new jurisdictional markets; our customers may not be able to obtain the
financing required for these projects, and thus, we may not be able to derive
revenues from such agreements, as well as other relevant risks detailed in our
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth
in our amended annual report filed on Form 20-F/A for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2008. The information set forth herein should be read in light of
such risks. We assume no obligation to update the information contained in this
press release, except as required under applicable law.
    
     For
more information, please contact:
    
     John
S. Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
    Email:
john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Dixon
Chen
     Investor
Relations
    Grayling
     Tel:   +1-646-284-9403
     Email:
dixon.chen@us.grayling.com
    
    SOURCE  A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd.