acl6k0520agmex991.htm





    Exhibit
99.1

      
      
       
       
      Alcon
Shareholders Approve Dividend, Elect Directors
       
      HUENENBERG, Switzerland – May 20,
2010 – Alcon, Inc. (NYSE:ACL) announced the following actions were taken
by shareholders at the company’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held
today in Zug, Switzerland:
      
        

              
                ·  
              
              
                Approved
      a dividend of 3.95 Swiss francs per share to be paid on June 9, 2010 to
      shareholders of record on May 26, 2010 (U.S. dollar equivalent of
      $3.42 per
      share based on exchange rates in effect
today).
              
            
      
      
        

              
                ·  
              
              
                Re-elected
      Werner Bauer, Francisco Castañer and Lodewijk J.R. de Vink to the board of
      directors, each for a three-year term of
office.
              
            
      
      The
company also announced that its board of directors re-elected Cary Rayment as
its non-executive chairman and re-elected Francisco Castañer as its
vice-chairman in a board meeting that followed the completion of the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders.
      
      Company
Description
      Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.5
billion in 2009.  Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic
industry for 65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices, contacts lens solutions and
other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions
of the eye.  Alcon operates in 75 countries and sells products in 180
markets.  For more information on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s web site
at www.alcon.com.
      
      # #
#
      
      Caution
Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
      
         
      
      This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements principally relate to statements regarding the expectations of our
management with respect to the future performance of various aspects of our
business. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to
be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements
expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Words such as "may,"
"will," "should," "could," "would," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe,"
"hope," "intend," "estimate," "project," "predict," "potential" and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
statements reflect the views of our management as of the date of this press
release with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject
to risks and uncertainties and are not intended to give any assurance as to
future results. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause future results to
differ include, but are not limited to, the following: the development of
commercially viable products may take longer and cost more than expected;
changes in reimbursement procedures by third-party payers may affect our sales
and profits; a weakening economy could affect demand for our products;
competition may lead to worse than expected financial condition and results of
operations; currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively affect our
financial condition and results of operations; pending or future litigation may
negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations; litigation
settlements may adversely impact our financial condition; the occurrence of
excessive property and casualty, general liability or business interruption
losses, for which we are 
       
      
        
          
          
        
        
          
          
          
          
        
        
          
          
        
      
       
      self-insured,
may adversely impact our financial condition; product recalls or withdrawals may
negatively impact our financial condition or results of operations; government
regulation or legislation may negatively impact our financial condition or
results of operations; changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions
in which we and our subsidiaries are subject to taxation may adversely impact
our financial performance; supply and manufacturing disruptions could negatively
impact our financial condition or results of operations. You should read this
press release with the understanding that our actual future results may be
materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking
statements by these cautionary statements. Except to the extent required under
the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new
information or future events or circumstances or otherwise.
      
      For
more information, contact:
      
      Doug
MacHatton
      Vice
President,Treasury and
      Investor
and Public Relations
      (817)
551-8974
      doug.machatton@alconlabs.com
      
      www.alcon.com