A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. Announces Results of Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders
    
    Shenyang,
China, December 16, 2010 - A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (Nasdaq:
APWR) (“A-Power” or “the Company”), a leading provider of distributed power
generation systems in China and a fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines,
today announced the results of its 2010 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of
shareholders held on Thursday, December 16, 2010 in Shenyang,
China.
    
    At the
meeting, the shareholders adopted a resolution approving the issuance of any
common shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the Company’s warrants in
accordance with Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635(d).
    
    For more
detailed information regarding this resolution, please review the Notice and
Proxy Statement for the 2010 AGM posted at the Company’s website as well as on
the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.
    
    About
A-Power
    
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is a leading provider of distributed power generation systems in
China and is expanding into the production of alternative power generation
systems. Focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly distributed
power generation projects of 25 to 400 megawatts, A-Power also operates one of
the largest wind turbine manufacturing facilities in China. A-Power acquired
Evatech Co. Ltd., a designer and manufacturer of industrial equipment for
amorphous-silicon photovoltaic panels, in January 2010, and acquired Hallys
Corporation in May 2010.
    
    In
addition to the establishment of strategic relationships with some of the
world's leading wind energy design and engineering companies, A-Power has formed
joint research programs with Tsinghua University and the China Academy of
Sciences to develop and commercialize other renewable energy
technologies.
    
    For more
information, please visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
    
    Safe
harbor statement
    
    This news
release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995.  These forward-looking statements can be
identified by terminology such as "anticipates," "believes," "expects,"
"estimates," "future," "intends," "may," "plans," "will," and other similar
statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements
relating to anticipated future earnings, margins, and other operating results,
future growth, construction plans and anticipated capacities, production
schedules and entry into expanded markets are forward-looking statements. Such
forward-looking statements, based upon the current beliefs and expectations of
our management, are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual
results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including but
not limited to, the risk that: inclement weather conditions could adversely
affect our operating results in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may
experience construction, manufacturing and development delays on our projects
which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results; our
limited operating history and recent entrance into new lines of business and
jurisdictional markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business
and future prospects; we may not be able to successfully develop our business in
new jurisdictional markets, which would have a negative impact on the results of
our operations derived from such new jurisdictional markets; our customers may
not be able to obtain the financing required for these projects, and thus, we
may not be able to derive revenues from such agreements, as well as other
relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required by
law.
    For more
information, please contact:
    
    A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd.
    John S.
Lin
    Chief
Operating Officer
    Email:  john@apowerenergy.com
    
    Christensen
    Patty
Bruner
    Mobile:
+1 480 332 6397
    Email:
pbruner@ChristensenIR.com
    
    Tom
Myers
    Mobile:
+86 139 1141 3520 in Beijing
    Email:  tmyers@ChristensenIR.com