Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.1 - Prepared by newsfilecorp.com








 
 
 
 
News Release  
ALEXCO’S BELLEKENO SILVER MINE PROJECT ON SCHEDULE FOR
THIRD QUARTER COMMISSIONING AND PRODUCTION  
May 10, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is pleased to provide an update
on its 100% owned Bellekeno Mine construction project currently underway in the
Keno Hill Silver District, Yukon. Since initiating construction activity in
November 2009 and through the end of April 2010, Alexco has incurred
approximately C$12.8 million, or 31%, of the C$41.6 million of construction and
development capital estimated to achieve commercial production under the
original Development Plan. Prior to November 2009, approximately C$17 million
was invested in pre-development activity at the Bellekeno mine including
establishment of decline access and rehabilitation and definition drilling of
the Bellekeno silver deposit, as well as completion of the concrete foundation
and pad for the new Bellekeno conventional flotation mill. On a physical basis,
mine development, including underground mine services and mine-related surface
infrastructure, is approximately 45% complete while mill construction is
approximately 30% complete, and the overall project remains on schedule and on
budget for completion and commissioning in the third quarter of calendar 2010
(see news release dated November 11, 2009 entitled “Alexco Completes Positive
Bellekeno Mine Development Plan, Silver Wheaton Concurs – Initiation of
Construction Approved”). 
Bellekeno Mine and Mill Construction Highlights 

  
  Total actual construction and development capital to achieve production is
  currently forecasted by Alexco to be C$41.96 million, a variance of less than
  1% from the original Development Plan. Approximately C$12.8 million of these
  capital costs were incurred in the six months prior to the end of April, and
  remaining capital costs to achieve production are forecasted to be
  approximately C$29.16 million.
  
  Monthly construction-phase draw-down of the Silver Wheaton deposit funds
  has commenced. Construction-phase funds of US$4.9 million have been received
  from Silver Wheaton to date, with US$30.1 million remaining to be advanced
  through construction on a monthly draw-down basis. An additional US$15 million
  had been received from Silver Wheaton prior to November 2009 to fund pre
  development activity as described above.
  
  Underground mine development completed to date totals 1,236 meters, with
  an additional 660 meters required to complete pre-production development.
  Underground rehabilitation of prior established workings is approximately 93%
  complete, with just 128 meters remaining to be completed. Underground ramp
  development is averaging 5.5 meters per day, approximately 37.5% improved from
  plan and budget. 


  
    
    Head Office 
    
    
    T.
      604 633 4888  
  
  
    Alexco Resource Corp.  
    F. 604 633 4887  
  
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150  
     
  
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4  
     
  
  
    Canada  
     
  





 
 
 
 

  
  In the mine, four of the planned six ore access cross cuts are “stubbed
  in” to within 15 to 50 meters of the ore. The current mine plan will have
  three stopes operational in the third quarter of calendar 2010, and two more
  operational in the fourth quarter.
  
  Mill construction is 30% complete, with the mill building erected and more
  than 85% of the purchasing and contracting packages awarded. The ball mill,
  flotation cells and thickeners are expected to arrive on site during the next
  three weeks.
  
  Approximately 42% of the estimated cost at completion for the mill and
  surface infrastructure are now committed costs, reducing the pricing risk in
  the project accordingly. 
Bellekeno Engineering And Procurement Nearing Completion

Final phase construction activity for the Bellekeno mine was
initiated in November 2009, with the acceptance of the Development Plan by
Silver Wheaton. The scope of the construction project includes re-development of
the historical Bellekeno Mine workings, construction of a new flotation mill
with a design capacity of 408 tonnes per day approximately 4.5 kilometers from
the Bellekeno East portal, and all associated infrastructure. 
The engineering and procurement contract for the mill and plant
was awarded to Wardrop Engineering Inc., and detailed design engineering is
currently 80% complete with procurement more than 85% complete. A total of 28
out of a planned 32 purchasing and contract packages for the mill have been
awarded. The mill building was mobilized to site in mid February and erection
was completed by mid April, and installation of mill equipment commenced in May.

As announced in March 2010, the mining services contract for
development and production mining at Bellekeno has been awarded to the
NNDDC/Procon Joint Venture, a joint venture between Procon Mining and Tunnelling
Ltd. and the Nacho Nyak Dun Development Corp. As of the end of April 2010, mine
development, including underground mine services and mine-related surface
infrastructure, is 45% complete. 
Permitting work is proceeding on schedule. As previously
announced, a positive recommendation was received from the Yukon Environmental
and Socioeconomic Advisory Board in June 2009, and a positive Decision Document
confirming the recommendation was issued by the Yukon Government in July 2009
leading to issuance of a Quartz Mining Licence in November 2009. Alexco’s
application for a Type A Water Use Licence has been declared adequate by the
Yukon Water Board, and the application hearing is scheduled for mid June 2010.
Issuance of the Type A Water Use Licence is the last major step in the
permitting process for operation of the Bellekeno mill, and is expected to be
completed on schedule and prior to commissioning and start-up of the mill in the
third quarter of calendar 2010. 
Consistent with the Development Plan, the Alexco operations
team has been expanded with recruitment of staff for the positions of Mine
Manager, Chief Mine Engineer, Mine Geologists and Civil Project Manager, as well
as purchasing and warehousing staff, equipment operators and administrative
personnel.
Page 2 of 4 




 
 
 
 
The number of construction project personnel currently on site
is approximately 50 with an anticipated peak construction population of
approximately 90 personnel expected in the next one to two months. 
In conjunction with the Yukon Mine Training Association, Alexco
recently graduated eight students from Yukon First Nations in an intensive eight
week underground mine training program. This training program was coordinated
with the Bellekeno mine development project, and represents a solid advance in
developing a qualified local-community labour force for future mining
operations. 
Projected Mine Operations 
As disclosed in the news release of November 11, 2009, the
Bellekeno silver deposit contains an indicated resource estimated at 401,000
tonnes grading 921 grams per tonne silver, 9.4% lead and 6.5% zinc, of which
321,941 tonnes containing an estimated 871 grams per tonne silver, 9.5% lead and
5.6% zinc on a payable metals basis are included in the initial mine plan. The
deposit remains open down dip and down plunge, and underground definition and
exploration drilling to expand the mineable resource is currently underway in
parallel with mine development activities. 
Once complete, the Bellekeno mine will operate at 250 tonnes
per day supplying feed to a conventional flotation mill, producing up to 12,000
tonnes of lead-silver concentrate per year and 8,400 tonnes of zinc concentrate
annually and generating up to 2.8 million ounces of silver per year. Initial
silver grades in 2010 and 2011 are expected to be approximately 1,000 grams per
tonne. The mine and mill operations will employ approximately 120 people and are
expected to directly invest more than $25 million annually for labour, materials
and supplies in the Yukon. Once operational, the Bellekeno Mine will be Canada’s
only primary silver mine and will be one of the highest grade silver operations
in the world. 
Silver Wheaton Agreement 
In October 2008, Alexco entered into an agreement under which
Silver Wheaton Corp. (NYSE, TSX:SLW) will purchase 25% of future Keno Hill
District silver production at a cost of US$3.90 per ounce of silver delivered,
plus up-front deposit payments to Alexco totaling US$50 million. An initial
US$15 million deposit payment was received from Silver Wheaton in December 2008,
with the remaining US$35 million to be provided for the construction and
development of the Bellekeno Mine on a monthly draw-down basis subject to
certain conditions including Alexco having sufficient committed funds available
to complete construction and achieve production within specified time frames.
The monthly draw-downs have commenced, and US$4.9 million has been received from
Silver Wheaton to date. 
Qualified Person 
The scientific and technical information about the Bellekeno
Mine project contained in this news release has been reviewed and verified by
Stan Dodd, Vice President, Exploration for Alexco and a Qualified Person as
defined by National Instrument 43-101. 
Page 3 of 4 




 
 
 
 
Keno Hill Silver District History 
Between 1921 and 1988, the Keno Hill Silver District produced
more than 217 million ounces of silver with average grades of 40.5 ounces per
ton silver, 5.6% lead and 3.1% zinc (Yukon Government's Minfile database). The
historical production grades would rank Keno Hill in the top 3% by grade of
today's global silver producers. The Keno Hill district is the second-largest
historical silver producer in Canada. 
About Alexco 
Alexco’s business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company’s core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com or visit the Company’s website at
www.alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain forward-looking
information concerning the Company’s anticipated results and developments in the
Company’s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of
its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur
in the future, made as of the date of this press release. Forward-looking
statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to
future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral exploration, the
estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the realization of mineral
reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of activities and the amount
of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of exploration activities,
permitting time lines, requirements for additional capital and sources and uses
of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events
or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, among others, risks related to actual results
of remediation and reclamation activities; actual results of exploration
activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters
as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and other
commodities; possible variations in ore bodies, grade or recovery rates; failure
of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour
disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining
governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development
activities. 
Page 4 of 4