acl6k2010agminvex991.htm





    Exhibit
99.1
    
    
    
    
    Invitation
to an
    Extraordinary
General Meeting of Alcon, Inc.
    
    __________________________
    
    Monday,
August 16, 2010, 10:00 a.m. (doors open at 9:00 a.m.)
    Congress
Center Metalli at the Parkhotel Zug, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Agenda
    
    
    
    
    Replacement
elections to the Board of Directors (Conditional Resolution)
    
    
    
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    July 19,
2010
     
    Dear
Shareholder:
     
    On behalf of our Board of Directors, we
would like to invite you to an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of
Alcon, Inc. to be held at the Congress Center Metalli, Zug, Switzerland, on
Monday, August 16, 2010.  The elections of new members to the Board of
Directors are proposed for approval at the meeting.  The agenda and
related information are set out below. The resolution to be taken at this
Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of Alcon, Inc. shall become
effective only upon the consummation of the acquisition by Novartis AG of all
common shares of Alcon, Inc., with a par value of CHF 0.20 per share, that are
beneficially owned by Nestlé S.A. as of such time, pursuant to the Purchase and
Option Agreement dated April 6, 2008 between Novartis AG and Nestlé S.A., as
evidenced by a press release from Alcon, Inc.
     
    Your vote is important.  If
you are a registered holder, please vote now by proxy so that your shares are
represented at the meeting.  You can vote your shares by marking your
choices on the enclosed proxy card, and then signing, dating and mailing it in
the enclosed envelope or by following the Internet or telephone voting
instructions on the proxy card.  Using any of these methods, you
authorize Alcon, Inc. to vote your shares as you specified.  If you
authorize Alcon, Inc. to vote your shares without giving any instructions, your
shares will be voted in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors
with regard to the item listed on the agenda.  If new proposals (other
than the one on the agenda) are being put forth before the meeting, the Alcon,
Inc. representative will vote your shares in accordance with the position of the
Board of Directors.  Proxy forms must be sent to the Company in the
enclosed envelope, arriving no later than August 11.
     
    If you are a registered holder, you may
also authorize the inde­pendent representative, Ms. Andrea Hodel,
Attorney-At-Law, Zug, Swit­zerland, with full rights of substitution, to
vote your shares on your behalf.  Ms. Hodel’s address
is:  Industriestrasse 13c, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland.  If you
authorize the independent representative to vote your shares without giving
instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the proposals of the
Board of Directors with regard to the item listed on the agenda.  If
new proposals (other than the one on the agenda) are being put forth before the
meeting, the independent representative will abstain from voting your shares
with regards to any such new proposals.  Proxy forms authorizing the
independent representative to vote your shares on your behalf must be sent to
the Company in the enclosed envelope or directly to the independent
representative, arriving no later than August 11.
     
    Alternatively, if you are a registered
holder, you may choose to attend the meet­ing and vote in person, or appoint
a proxy of your choice to vote at the meeting for you.  The proxy need
not be a shareholder.  If you choose to attend the meeting in person,
or appoint a proxy to attend on your behalf, your shares can only be voted at
the meeting.  To select one of these options, please complete the
attendance portion of the enclosed proxy card and return it to the
Company in the enclosed envelope, arriving no later than August 11.
     
    If you are a beneficial owner, you are
requested to instruct your broker or custodian as to how to vote your shares
using the instruction form provided to you.  You may also instruct
your broker or custodian to authorize the independent representative to vote
your shares.  Alternatively, if you wish to vote in person then you
need to:
     
    
      

            
              a)  
            
            
              obtain
      a power of attorney from your broker or other custodian authorizing you to
      vote the shares held for you by that broker or custodian, and request an
      admission card using the power of attorney;
or
            
          
    
     
    
      

            
              b)  
            
            
              become
      a registered holder no later than July 27, and request an admission card
      by that date.
            
          
    
     
    Each holder wishing to attend the
meeting in person must present his/her admission card before 9:45 a.m. on August
16, 2010, at one of the control offices at the meeting location for
validation.  Doors open at 9:00 a.m.  Registered shareholders who have
appointed Alcon, Inc. or the independent representative as a proxy and
beneficial owners who have not obtained a power of attorney from their broker or
custodian may not attend the meeting in person or send an alternate proxy of
their choice to represent them at the meeting.
     
    Please note that shareholders who have
sold their shares before the meeting date are not entitled to vote or
participate in the meeting.
     
    Very
sincerely yours,
    Alcon,
Inc.
     
    
      

            
              Cary
      Rayment   
              Chairman
            
             Elaine Whitbeck, Esq.

              Corporate
      Secretary
               and General
      Counsel
            
          
      
        
           

        
        
           

           

        
        
           

        
      
    
    Shareholder
Information
    
    
    Stock
exchange listing
    
    The
shares of Alcon, Inc. are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the
symbol “ACL.”
    
    Registered
office
    
    Alcon,
Inc., Bösch 69, P.O. Box 62, CH-6331
    Hünenberg,
Switzerland
    Telephone
+41-41 785-8888
    
    Further
information
    
    For any
additional information about Alcon, Inc., please contact Alcon Investor
Relations, 6201 South Freeway, MCT7-5, Fort Worth, Texas, 76134-2099, Telephone
(800) 400-8599, E-mail investor.relations@alconlabs.com or visit our web site at
www.alcon.com.
    
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    Item
    
    Replacement
Elections to the Board of Directors (Conditional Resolution)
    
    
      

            
              A.  
            
            
              Proposal
            
          
    
    
    The Board of Directors proposes that the
following persons be elected for the following terms of office:
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Dr.
      Enrico Vanni until 2011
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Norman
      Walker until 2011
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Dr.
      Paul Choffat until 2012
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Dr.
      Urs Baerlocher until 2013
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Dr.
      Jacques Seydoux until 2013
            
          
    
    
    This
resolution on the elections to the Board of Directors shall become effective
only upon the consummation of the acquisition by Novartis AG of all common
shares of Alcon, Inc., with a par value of CHF 0.20 per share, that are
beneficially owned by Nestlé S.A. as of such time, pursuant to the Purchase and
Option Agreement dated April 6, 2008 between Novartis AG and Nestlé S.A., as
evidenced by a press release from Alcon, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the
“Condition”).
    
    
      

            
              B.  
            
            
              Explanations
            
          
    
    
    The
following members of the Board of Directors have conditionally declared their
resignation, which resignation will be effective only upon occurrence of the
Condition: Werner Bauer, Francisco Castañer, Paul Bulcke, James Singh, Hermann
Arnold Wirz.
    
    The Board
of Directors proposes that the following persons be elected to the Board of
Directors (which election will be effective upon occurrence of the
Condition):
    
    Enrico
Vanni.  Enrico Vanni (59) is a chemical engineer graduated from
the Federal Polytechnic School of Lausanne, Switzerland and holds a PhD
(Doctorate in Science) from the University of Lausanne.  His
background also includes an MBA from INSEAD in Fontainebleau,
France.  Enrico Vanni started his career in 1977 with IBM in San Jose,
California, and after his MBA in 1980, joined McKinsey & Company in Zurich,
Switzerland.  He managed the Geneva Office from 1988 to
2004.  His consulting activities mostly covered companies in the
pharmaceutical, consumer and finance sectors.  He was head of the
European pharmaceutical practice and served as member of the Partner review
committee of the firm over many years.  He retired as Director of
McKinsey at the end of 2007.  Since 2008, he is an independent
consultant and a member of several company boards of directors such as Eclosion
(private equity for biotechs), Denzler&Partners (management resources) and
Mbcp (private banking).
    
    Norman
Walker.  Norman Walker (60) earned a degree in Business Studies
at the University of Brighton, UK, in 1975 and attended the Harvard
International Senior Management Program in 1994.  He started his
professional career with Ford Motor Co in London, UK, in 1975.  Over a
period of 9 years he held a number of positions in human resources (HR)
management before he joined GrandMet in London, UK, in 1984 where he assumed HR
responsibilities in several of its business units.  Norman Walker
subsequently joined Kraft Foods in 1991 and held a number of leading HR
positions in Germany, the United States and Switzerland.  From 1998 to
2003, he served as the Head of Corporate Human Resources of the Novartis
Group.  Norman Walker is a senior advisor to TPG Capital LLP, Chair of
Vita Cayman, advisor to CMi and a visiting professor at Bocconi.
    
    Paul Choffat.  Paul
Choffat (61) holds a J.D. from the University of Lausanne, Switzerland, and an
M.B.A. from the International Institute for Management Development (IMD) in
Lausanne, Switzerland.  He started his professional career with Nestlé
in Zurich, Switzerland, and London, UK.  From 1981 to 1985, he was
project manager at McKinsey & Company in Zurich.  Paul Choffat
held a number of senior positions at Landis & Gyr in Zug, Switzerland,
before he moved to Von Roll in Gerlafingen as CEO.  Paul Choffat
joined Sandoz Ltd., Basel, Switzerland, in 1995.  During the merger
which created Novartis, he headed the Integration Office.  In 1996,
Paul Choffat returned to line management as CEO of Fotolabo SA,
Montpreveyres-sur-Lausanne, Switzerland, where he remained for three years
before becoming an entrepreneur and private investor in 1999.  From
2002 to April 2007, Paul Choffat served as Head of Novartis Consumer
Health.  He is currently a member of the board of directors of
Cholares SA, de Rham & Cie SA and HSBC Private Bank (Suisse)
SA.
    
    Urs
Baerlocher.  Urs Baerlocher (68) earned his J.D. from the
University of Basel and was admitted to the bar in 1970.  After
working as a tax lawyer, he joined Sandoz Ltd., Basel, Switzerland, in
1973.  After the formation of Novartis, Basel, Switzerland, in 1996,
Urs Baerlocher was appointed Head of Legal, Tax and Insurance.  From
1999 until 2005, he served as General Counsel and Head of General Affairs and
thereafter, until his retirement in summer 2007, he served as Head of Legal and
Tax Affairs of the Novartis Group.  Urs Baerlocher is currently a
member of the board of directors of Habasit AG, Habasit Holding AG and
Victoria-Jungfrau Collection AG, as well as vice president of the Windler
foundation.
    
    Jacques
Seydoux.  Jacques Seydoux (59) graduated with an M.D. from the
University of Berne, Switzerland, in 1979.  After holding a number of
medical positions, he was appointed medical director and chair of the department
of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the Regional Hospital of Delémont, Switzerland,
in 1998.  After the merger of the regional hospitals of Delémont and
Porrentruy that created the State Hospital of Jura in 2004, Jacques Seydoux was
named medical director and chair of the department of Obstetrics and Gynecology
Service.  Jacques Seydoux is a member of numerous professional
associations such as vice president of the Swiss National Obstetrics and
Gynecology Society, president of the Groupment Romand de la Société Suisse
Gyn/Ob, and member of the European Society for Gyn Endoscopy, the American
Gynecological and Obstetrical Society, the Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology
of Canada as well as of the North American Menopause Society.
    
     
    Organizational
Matters
     
    
    Admission
cards/Voting material
     
    Shareholders who are registered in
the share register on July 9,
2010, will receive the proxy and admission form (including the voting
material) directly from the share registrar of the
Company.  Beneficial owners of shares will receive an instruction form
from their broker or custodian to indicate how they wish their shares to be
voted.  Beneficial owners who wish to attend the shareholders’ meeting
in person are requested to obtain a power of attorney from their broker or other
custodian that authorizes them to vote the shares held for them by their broker
or custodian, and to request an admission card using the power of
attorney.
     
    Beneficial owners of shares and
shareholders registered in the share register as of July 9, 2010, are
enti­tled to vote and may participate in the shareholders’ meet­ing unless they sell
their shares before the shareholders’ meeting takes
place.  Each share carries one vote.
     
    Persons who have acquired shares after July 9,
2010, but on or before July 27,
2010, will receive the proxy and admission form (including the voting
material) shortly before the meeting.  Shareholders who have acquired
shares after that date may not attend the Extraordinary General Meeting of
Alcon, Inc.  Shareholders who have sold their shares before the
meeting date are not entitled to vote or participate in the
meeting.
     
    Granting
of powers of attorney
     
    Registered shareholders who are
unable to participate in the shareholders’ meeting may appoint as a
representative another shareholder, a third party, their bank or a corporate
proxy holder.  Ms. Andrea Hodel, Attorney-at-Law, Industriestrasse
13c, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland, is also available as an
independent representative, with full rights of substitution, in the sense of
article 689c of the Swiss Code of Obligations.
     
    The power of attorney on the
application form must be filled in accordingly, signed and returned to the
address indicated below or to the independent representative arriving no later
than August 11, 2010.  Powers of attorney are revocable, but Alcon,
Inc. will treat any power of attorney as being valid unless the revocation has
been sent in writing to Alcon, Inc. at the address referred to
below.
     
    Alcon, Inc.
    c/o BNY Mellon Shareowner
Services
    P.O. Box 3531
    S.
Hackensack,  NJ  07606-9231
    
    Registered shareholders who have
appointed Alcon, Inc. or the independent representative as a proxy may not
attend the meeting in person or send a proxy of their choice to the
meeting.
     
    With regard to the item listed on
the agenda and without any explicit instructions to the contrary, the corporate
proxy holder and independent representative will vote according to the proposals
of the Board of Directors.  If new proposals (other than the one on
the agenda) are being put forth before the meeting, the corporate proxy holder
will vote in accordance with the position of the Board of Directors and the
independent representative will abstain from voting regarding new
proposals.  Shareholders who sign and return their power of attorney
without indi­cating a representative will be represented by the corporate
proxy holder.
     
    Beneficial owners who have not
obtained a power of attorney from their broker or custodian are not entitled to
attend or participate in the meeting.
     
    Proxy
holders of deposited shares
     
    Proxy holders of deposited shares in
accordance with article 689d of the Swiss Code of Obligations are kindly asked
to inform the Company of the number of the shares they rep­resent as soon as
possible, but no later than August 16, 2010, 9:00 a.m. at the admis­sion
office.
     
    Admission
office
     
    The admission office opens on the
day of the shareholders’
meeting at 9:00 a.m.  Share­holders are kindly asked to present
their admission cards at the entrance.
     
    July 19,
2010