acl6k0817egmex991.htm





    
     
    Exhibit
99.1
     
     
    
     
    
     
    
     
    
     
     
    Alcon
Shareholders Conditionally Elect Novartis-Designated Directors
    
     
    HUENENBERG, Switzerland – August 16,
2010 – Alcon, Inc. (NYSE:ACL) announced the following action was taken by
shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Alcon shareholders held
today in Zug, Switzerland:
    
    
      

            
              ·  
            
            
              Conditional
      election of directors designated by Novartis AG (“Novartis”) to replace
      directors designated by Nestlé S.A. (“Nestlé”) if and when Novartis
      acquires Nestlé’s remaining shares of Alcon. The directors designated by
      Novartis and conditionally elected by shareholders
  are:
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Dr.
      Enrico Vanni until 2011
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Mr.
      Norman Walker until 2011
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Dr.
      Paul Choffat until 2012
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Dr.
      Urs Baerlocher until 2013
            
          
    
    
      

            
              -  
            
            
              Dr.
      Jacques Seydoux until 2013
            
          
    
    
    These
elections will become effective only upon the consummation of the acquisition by
Novartis of all common shares of Alcon that are beneficially owned by
Nestlé.
    This
action was in satisfaction of a condition under the Purchase and Option
Agreement and was also required by the Shareholders Agreement, each dated April
6, 2008 and entered into between Nestlé and Novartis.
    
    Company
Description
    Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.5
billion in 2009.  Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic
industry for 65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices, contacts lens solutions and
other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions
of the eye.  Alcon operates in 75 countries and sells products in 180
markets.  For more information on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s web
site at www.alcon.com.
    
    # #
#
    
    
      
         

      
      
         

         

      
      
         

      
    
    
    Caution
Concerning Forward-Looking Statements.
    
    This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements principally relate to statements regarding the expectations of our
management with respect to the future performance of various aspects of our
business. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to
be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements
expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Words such as "may,"
"will," "should," "could," "would," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe,"
"hope," "intend," "estimate," "project," "predict," "potential" and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
statements reflect the views of our management as of the date of this press
release with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject
to risks and uncertainties and are not intended to give any assurance as to
future results. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause future results to
differ include, but are not limited to, the following: the development of
commercially viable products may take longer and cost more than expected;
changes in reimbursement procedures by third-party payers may affect our sales
and profits; a weakening economy could affect demand for our products;
competition may lead to worse than expected financial condition and results of
operations; currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively affect our
financial condition and results of operations; completion of a potential change
of control to Novartis; completion of a potential merger with Novartis; pending
or future litigation, including with respect to a potential merger with
Novartis, may negatively impact our financial condition and results of
operations; litigation settlements may adversely impact our financial condition;
the occurrence of excessive property and casualty, general liability or business
interruption losses, for which we are self-insured, may adversely impact our
financial condition; product recalls or withdrawals may negatively impact our
financial condition or results of operations; government regulation or
legislation may negatively impact our financial condition or results of
operations; changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we
and our subsidiaries are subject to taxation may adversely impact our financial
performance; supply and manufacturing disruptions could negatively impact our
financial condition or results of operations. You should read this press release
with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements
by these cautionary statements. Except to the extent required under the federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
of these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new information or
future events or circumstances or otherwise.
    
    For
more information, contact:
    
    Doug
MacHatton
    Vice
President, Treasury and
    Investor
and Public Relations
    (817)
551-8974
    doug.machatton@alconlabs.com
    
    www.alcon.com