Filed by sedaredgar.com - Alexco Resource Corp. - Exhibit 99.2
   






     Alexco Resource Corp.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis For the Period Ended
December 31, 2009 
General 
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) of
Alexco Resource Corp. (“Alexco” or the “Corporation”) is dated February 8, 2010
and provides an analysis of Alexco’s unaudited interim consolidated financial
results for the three and six month periods ended December 31, 2009 (“F2010-Q2”)
compared to the same period in the previous year (“F2009-Q2”). 
The following information should be read in conjunction with
the Corporation’s December 31, 2009 unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements with accompanying notes (“F2010-Q2 Interim F/S”) and with the
Corporation’s audited consolidated financial statements with accompanying notes
and related MD&A for the year ended June 30, 2009, which were prepared in
accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (“Canadian
GAAP”). All dollar figures are expressed in Canadian dollars unless otherwise
stated. The accounting policies have been consistently followed in preparation
of these consolidated financial statements as outlined in the Corporation’s June
30, 2009 audited consolidated financial statements, subject to the effects if
any of the adoption of new accounting standards as outlined in the F2010-Q2
Interim F/S. These documents and additional information on the Corporation are
available on the Corporation’s website at www.alexcoresource.com or on SEDAR at
www.sedar.com. 
Except where specifically indicated otherwise, technical
information included in this MD&A regarding Alexco’s mineral properties has
been prepared by or under the supervision of Stan Dodd, LG (Wash), Vice
President, Exploration for Alexco and a Qualified Person as defined by National
Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (“NI
43-101”). 
Overall Performance 
During the three months ended December 31, 2009, Alexco
continued to advance the exploration and development of its mineral property
interests in the Keno Hill silver district, particularly with respect to the
Bellekeno property. A total of $1,867,000 in exploration, development and
acquisition cost was incurred in respect of its mineral properties,
substantially all in the Keno Hill silver district holdings and at the Bellekeno
property in particular. Most significantly, this progress enabled the completion
of a favourable Development Plan for the Bellekeno mine in early November, on
the basis of which Alexco’s board of directors has approved the initiation of
construction activity. 
In its environmental consulting services business, Alexco
realized revenues of $938,000 during the three months ended December 31, 2009
compared to $1,557,000 during the same period in 2008. Gross margin from its
consulting group was 12.4% for the current quarter, compared to 16.6% during the
same period in 2008. 
The Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents at December 31,
2009 totaled $13,556,000 compared to $10,045,000 at June 30, 2009, with
substantially all of the increase reflecting the private placement in December
2009 of 2,375,000 flow-through shares at $4.00 per share for aggregate gross
proceeds of $9,500,000, partially offset by expenditures on its mineral
properties and property, plant and equipment and the net cash outflow from
operating activities. 
Net working capital at December 31, 2009 totaled $13,931,000
compared to $13,343,000, including the unexpended balance of Silver Wheaton
Corp. (“Silver Wheaton”) deposit payments included in restricted cash and
deposits, at June 30, 2009. At December 31, 2009, all such deposit payments
received to date had been fully expended on the Bellekeno property. A final
US$35 million in such deposit payments will be received on a monthly draw-down
basis during the course of construction of the Bellekeno mine, subject to
certain conditions including Alexco having sufficient committed funds available
to complete construction and achieve production within specified time frames.

On January 20, 2010, the Corporation entered into an agreement
  (the “Offering”) with certain underwriters to sell 7,350,000 common
  shares of the Corporation at a price of $3.50 per share to raise gross proceeds
  of $25,725,000 pursuant to a short form prospectus under the multi-jurisdictional
  disclosure system. In addition, the Corporation granted the underwriters an
  over-allotment option to purchase up to that number of additional Common Shares
  equal to 15% of the common shares sold pursuant to the Offering, exercisable
  anytime up to 30 days from the closing of the Offering. The Corporation intends
  to use the net proceeds of the Offering at the Bellekeno mine which it’s
  currently developing, for construction backstop finance to mitigate capital
  cost overrun risk and for the mine’s initial working capital finance, and
  to further explore and develop the Corporation’s other properties located
  in the Keno Hill silver district. A final short form prospectus in respect of
  the Offering was filed with the applicable securities regulatory authorities
  on February 1, 2010, and closing of the Offering is expected to occur on or
  about February 11, 2010. 
- 1 - 



Results of Operations 
Keno Hill Silver District 
Substantially all of the Corporation’s exploration activities
during the three months ended December 31, 2009 have been conducted on its Keno
Hill silver district properties. The Keno Hill silver district is located in
Yukon Territory approximately 330 kilometers north of Whitehorse in the vicinity
of the villages of Mayo and Keno City and lies within the traditional territory
of the First Nation of Na-Cho Nyak Dun (“FNNND”). In 2007 and 2008, the
Corporation entered into negotiation and cooperation agreements with FNNND which
cover all of the Corporation’s exploration, environmental care and maintenance
and closure remediation activities in the district, and provided a framework for
negotiating a comprehensive cooperation and benefit agreement once the
Corporation made a decision to develop a mine in the district. 
The Corporation’s Keno Hill properties consist of approximately
24,300 hectares of mining leases, quartz claims and crown grants containing
numerous occurrences of mineral deposits and prospects, including over 30
historic mines. The Yukon Government's published Minfile database states that
between 1941 and 1989, the Keno Hill district produced more than 217 million
ounces of silver with average grades of 40.52 ounces per ton silver, 5.62% lead
and 3.14% zinc. Mine operations closed down in 1989 when United Keno Hill Mines
Limited put the district on care and maintenance in the face of rising costs and
environmental regulatory pressures. 
Bellekeno Property 
A significant component of the Corporation’s exploration
activities in the Keno Hill district have been focused on the Bellekeno historic
mine area, and in a news release dated November 11, 2009 entitled “Alexco
Completes Positive Bellekeno Mine Development Plan, Silver Wheaton Concurs –
Initiation of Construction Approved”, Alexco announced the completion of a
positive Development Plan for the Bellekeno mine. The Development Plan
incorporates the terms of Alexco’s agreement with Silver Wheaton, and outlines a
project with a pre-tax net present value to Alexco of $31.9 million over an
initial mine life of approximately four years. Silver Wheaton has provided
Alexco with written confirmation of their acceptance that the Development Plan
is favourable, and Alexco’s board of directors has authorized the initiation of
construction activity in anticipation of full mine production in the third
quarter of calendar 2010. 
The Development Plan is a comprehensive study describing the
proposed mining methods and proposed mineral processing methods, as well as
expected metallurgical recoveries, engineering design of mill and mine
facilities, permitting requirements, environmental impacts and other factors
relevant to the construction and operation of the proposed mine. The Plan
encompasses an updated mineral resource estimate for Bellekeno on which the
proposed mining plan is based, as well as an economic analysis of the project.

The pre-tax results of the economic analysis of the project are
summarized as follows: 



  
      
      
    Base Case Scenario -
    
    Current Metal 
    Three-Year 
    Wardrop 
  
      
      
    Consensus Forward- 
    Prices 2 
    Historical 
    Assumed 
  
      
      
    Looking Metal Prices and 
      
    Averages 3 
    Prices 4 
  
      
      
    Exchange Rates 1 
      
      
      
  
    Cumulative undiscounted    net cash flows

    CAD$ 
    $38.3 million 
    $70.2 million 
    $52.2 million 
    $38.3 million 
  
    NPV (pre-tax) at 8% 
    CAD$ 
    $31.9 million 
    $57.7 million 
    $42.7 million 
    $31.2 million 
  
    Alexco Payback Period 
    years 
    0.5 
    0.25 
    0.5 
    0.5
  

  
     
    Notes: 
  
  
     
     
      
  
  
     
    1. 
    Based on metal prices of US$15.16 per ounce for silver, US$996
      per ounce for gold, US$0.72 per pound for lead and US$0.85 per pound for
      zinc and a USD/CAD exchange rate of $0.92, representing consensus average
      metal price and currency exchange forecasts as of November 6, 2009 as published
      publicly by a basket of independent Canadian investment analysts and compiled
      by Alexco.
  

- 2 - 



  
     
    2. 
     Based on metal prices of US$17.39 per ounce for silver,
        US$1,097 per ounce for gold, US$1.02 per pound for lead and US$0.98 per
        pound for zinc and a USD/CAD exchange rate of $0.93, representing current
        metal prices and currency exchange as of November 6, 2009.
  
  
     
     
     
  
  
     
    3. 
     Based on metal prices of US$14.04 per ounce for silver,
        US$813 per ounce for gold, US$0.94 per pound for lead and US$1.10 per
        pound for zinc and a USD/CAD exchange rate of $0.91, representing three-year
        historical averages as reported from the London Metal Exchange and the
        Bank of Canada.
  
  
     
     
     
  
  
     
    4. 
     Based on metal prices of US$13.50 per ounce for silver,
        US$800 per ounce for gold, US$0.90 per pound for lead and US$0.90 per
        pound for zinc and a USD/CAD exchange rate of $0.92, representing metal
        prices and currency exchange assumed by Wardrop Engineering Inc.
  

The economic analysis reflects 25% of the silver production
being sold to Silver Wheaton at US$3.90 per ounce, in accordance with the silver
purchase agreement. 
Under the Development Plan, average net smelter return over the
life of mine (“LOM”) is estimated at $458 per tonne mined, including $535 per
tonne mined over the first two years. Average operating costs over the LOM are
estimated to be $287 per tonne mined, including mining, milling, general and
administrative costs and royalty payments, yielding an LOM operating margin of
$171 per tonne, with average operating costs over the first two years estimated
to be C$287 yielding an operating margin of C$248. Accounting for mining
dilution and recovery, a total of 321,941 tonnes containing an estimated 871
grams per tonne silver, 9.5% lead and 5.6% zinc are included in the current LOM
mining plan. Processing will utilize a standard lead and zinc differential
flotation process incorporating dry stack tailings technology, with the
processing plant carrying a design capacity of 408 tonnes per day. Mining and
milling operations will be carried out year-round at a base-plan production rate
of 250 tonnes per day, with mining carried out by a mining contractor using
predominantly cut-and-fill mining methods augmented with some minor shrink
stoping to optimize high grade mineralization extraction and reduce dilution.
Mined-out stopes will be backfilled with a cemented blend of development waste
rock and the pyritic component of dry filtered tailings backhauled from the
processing plant. 
As of November 2009, the total construction and development
capital to achieve commercial production is estimated to be $41.6 million,
including a contingency factor of approximately 16%. Of this, US$35 million
(CAD$38.0 million at an assumed exchange rate of $0.92) will be funded by Silver
Wheaton under its silver purchase agreement with Alexco. The remaining US$35
million to be funded by Silver Wheaton will be received on a monthly draw-down
basis subject to certain conditions including Alexco having sufficient committed
funds available to complete construction and achieve production within specified
time frames. The primary condition to draw-down under the silver purchase
agreement was the delivery to Silver Wheaton of the Development Plan and their
acceptance that it was favourable, and this condition has now been met. 
The updated mineral resource estimate for Bellekeno is
summarized as follows: 



  
      
      
      
     
      
      
     
      
     
    Contained 
  
    Resource Category 
    Zone 
    Tonnage 
     
    Silver 
    Lead 
     
    Zinc 
     
    Silver 
  
      
      
    [tonnes] 
     
    [grams per tonne] 
    [%] 
     
    [%] 
     
    [ounces] 
  
      
      
      
     
      
      
     
      
     
      
  
    Indicated 
    Southwest 
    215,800 
     
    997 
    12.6 
     
    7.2 
     
    6,917,000 
  
      
    99 
    91,700 
     
    995 
    7.5 
     
    4.2 
     
    2,933,000 
  
      
    East 
    93,500 
     
    672 
    3.9 
     
    6.9 
     
    2,020,000 
  
    Total Indicated 
    All 
    401,000 
     
    921 
    9.4 
     
    6.5 
     
    11,870,000 
  
      
      
      
     
      
      
     
      
     
      
  
    Inferred 
    East
    
    111,100 
     
    320 
    3.1 
     
    17.9 
     
    1,143,000



  
    Notes: 
      
  
      
      
  
    1. 
    Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and
      do not have demonstrated economic viability. 
  
      
    All figures have been rounded to reflect the
      relative accuracy of the estimates. 
  
    2. 
    Based on an NSR cut-off of US$185 per tonne,
      calculated on an in-situ (undiluted) basis. 
  
      
    Metallurgical recoveries are applied. 
  
    3. 
    The effective date of this resource estimate is
      November 9, 2009. 
- 3 -


The updated resource estimate has been determined using a
three-dimensional block model constrained by wireframe, integrating underground
chip sample and drill core data for all three resource zones (Southwest, 99 and
East). The drilling database includes 7,333 meters of underground diamond
drilling in 132 holes as well as 1,666 meters of surface diamond drilling
carried out during 2009 to infill the shallower portions of the East and 99
zones, plus approximately 10,277 meters of surface diamond drilling completed by
Alexco prior to 2009. Also during 2009, underground geologic mapping was
undertaken at multiple points in the historical workings, focused on structure
and mineralization as well as hangingwall and footwall lithologies. Following
geostatistical analysis and variography, metal grades were estimated separately
into block models for each zone using an inverse distance squared methodology.
All data has been verified and validated by Alexco in accordance with Canadian
Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (“CIM”) Estimation of Mineral
Resources and Mineral Reserves Best Practice Guidelines and with NI 43-101
guidelines. All mineral resources have been estimated following the CIM
Definition Standards for Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves (December 2005),
in accordance with the CIM Estimation of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves
Best Practice Guidelines and with NI 43-101 guidelines. 
The disclosure of scientific and technical information entailed
in the Development Plan is supported by a technical report filed on SEDAR dated
December 2, 2009 and entitled “Bellekeno Project – Updated Preliminary Economic
Assessment Technical Report”. For purposes of NI 43-101, the technical report is
considered an update to the preliminary economic assessment released by Alexco
in July 2008 (see news release dated July 9, 2008 entitled “Alexco Releases
Positive Preliminary Economic Assessment on Bellekeno Deposit, First of Several
Potential Silver Production Opportunities in the Keno Hill Silver District”) and
the resource estimate released in January 2008 (see news release dated January
30, 2008 entitled “Alexco Outlines New Zinc-Silver Zone at Bellekeno and Updates
Resource Estimate”). The proposed mining plan and economic analysis under the
Development Plan are based entirely on indicated resources. The Development Plan
and supporting technical report have been prepared by an integrated team of
personnel from Alexco, Wardrop Engineering Inc. (“Wardrop”) and SRK Consulting
(Canada) Inc. (“SRK”). The updated mineral resource estimate for Bellekeno has
been prepared by Alexco under the responsibility of Stan Dodd, L.Geo., Vice
President, Exploration and Vince Scartozzi, L.Geo., Chief Mine Geologist, with
the analysis of specific gravity and variography performed by SRK under the
responsibility of David Keller, P.Geo. The mining plan has been prepared by SRK,
with geotechnical study and design and the ground control management plan
prepared under the responsibility of Bruce Murphy, FSAIMM, and mine design and
estimation of minable resources prepared under the responsibility of Ken Reipas,
P.Eng. All other components of the Development Plan and technical report,
including design and costing of infrastructure, mineral processing and the
economic analysis, have been prepared by Wardrop under the responsibility of
Hassan Ghaffari, P.Eng. David Keller, Bruce Murphy, Ken Reipas and Hassan
Ghaffari are Independent of Alexco as defined by NI 43-101. 
In February 2009, Alexco filed its Bellekeno mine project
proposal under the Yukon Environmental and Socioeconomic Assessment Act
(Canada) (“YESAA”). The filing and consequential evaluation of the project
proposal under YESAA is part of the regulatory process that governs the eventual
issuance of the Quartz Mining License and Type A Water Use License, being the
primary permits Alexco will require to commence commercial operations at the
Bellekeno mine. The YESAA recommendation report was received in June 2009, and
in July the Yukon Government issued a positive decision document agreeing with
the recommendation of the YESAA report that the Bellekeno project should
proceed. 
Based on this decision document, the Yukon Government issued a
Quartz Mining License for the Bellekeno mine in November 2009. A Type A Water
Use License application was submitted to the Yukon Water Board in September
2009. Issuance of this water license is necessary to enable commencement of mine
and mill operations once construction is completed, and is anticipated to occur
in the first half of calendar 2010 and prior to the planned mine and mill
operations start-up date. 
Other Keno Hill District Properties 
Surface drilling within the Keno Hill district under the summer
2009 exploration program commenced in June, initially with two diamond drills
and then a third added in August, and comprised a total of 7,930 meters of
drilling including those drilled in the Bellekeno area as noted above. At the
Lucky Queen property, a total of 12 holes were drilled along strike and down
plunge of prior identified high grade mineralization, the results from which
were disclosed in news releases dated October 15, 2009 entitled “Alexco
Announces Additional 2009 Drill Results at Keno Hill: Drilling at Lucky Queen
Intersects 1.35 meters of 202.3 Ounces per Ton Silver”, and November 3, 2009
entitled “Alexco Announces Additional 2009 Drill Results from Lucky Queen, Keno
Hill District: Drilling Intersects 4.23 meters of 61.8 Ounces per Ton Silver”.

- 4 - 


Other drilling included previously untested covered targets
located approximately 450 meters along strike from the Keno 700 gold-enriched
deposit, testing of the Bermingham area along strike of the historic Hector
Calumet mine, and drilling in the area of the historic Silver King mine. Initial
results from the Keno 700 drilling were disclosed in a news release dated
November 5, 2009 entitled “Alexco Announces Additional 2009 Drill Results, Keno
Hill District, Yukon: Keno 700 Drilling Intersects 1.03 Meters of 18.48 g/t
Gold”, while results from the Silver King drilling were disclosed in a news
release dated December 1, 2009 entitled “Alexco Announces Additional 2009 Drill
Results, Keno Hill District, Yukon: Silver King Drilling Intersects 2.55 Meters
of 56.4 Ounces per Ton Silver”. Results from the drilling at Birmingham were
disclosed in a news release dated December 15, 2009 entitled “Alexco Identifies
20 Meter Wide Mineralized Structural Zone at Bermingham, Keno Hill Silver
District, Yukon”. 
In addition to diamond drilling, a sonic drill was mobilized to
the Keno Hill district in September and completed 283 holes sampling the
historic tailings located adjacent to the Elsa town site. According to
historical records, a total of approximately 4.6 million tons of tailings
containing residual silver from the Elsa concentrator were deposited in the Elsa
tailings facility. In conjunction with drill testing, a metallurgical testing
program has been planned to assess the metallurgical characteristics of the
silver bearing tailings. 
Brewery Creek Property 
In August 2009, the Corporation entered into an option
agreement with a third party under which the third party has been granted
exclusive rights to earn up to a 75% interest in the Brewery Creek property
other than with respect to barite deposits, and earn a 50% interest in any
barite deposits located on the property. The third party can earn the full 75%
interest in the property excluding barite deposits by incurring aggregate
non-barite-related exploration and development expenditures of at least $6
million and completing a non-barite bankable feasibility study by December 31,
2014. If the third party earns its full 75% interest, the Corporation will have
a one-time option to claw back a 10% interest by paying a cash amount equal to
2.5 times the third party’s non-Barite related expenditures in excess of $4
million. The third party can earn the 50% barite interest by incurring $1
million in barite-related exploration expenditures by December 31, 2012, subject
to the condition that it has also incurred at least $3.5 million in expenditures
towards the non-barite interest. 
Consulting Services 
Under its Alexco Environmental Group division, the Corporation
operates an environmental consulting business providing a range of services to
the mining industry and other clients. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries,
Access Mining Consultants Ltd. (“Access”), Alexco Resource U.S. Corp. and, with
respect to services provided in the Keno Hill district including under the
Subsidiary Agreement, Elsa Reclamation & Development Company Ltd. (“ERDC”),
the Corporation provides management of the regulatory and environmental
permitting process, water treatment and remediation, environmental assessments
and reclamation and closure planning. The Corporation also owns certain patent
rights allowed and pending related to mine reclamation and closure processes
including the in situ immobilization of metals in groundwater, soils, waste
stacks and pit lakes. 
Revenues for the three and six month periods ended December 31,
2009 were $938,000 and $2,450,000 respectively, compared to $1,557,000 and
$3,094,000 for the same period in 2008. Gross profit for the three and six month
periods ended December 31, 2009 was $116,000 and $595,000 respectively, for
margins of 12.3% and 24.3% respectively, compared to $258,000 and $776,000 and
margins of 16.6% and 25.1% for the same periods respectively in 2008. A
significant component of the reduction in revenue and margins in the current
quarter from the comparative quarter is the impact of the annual reduction of
fees billable by ERDC under the Subsidiary Agreement in respect of environmental
care and maintenance activities at various sites within the Keno Hill district.

General, Administration and Corporate 
General and administrative expenses during the three and six
month periods ended December 31, 2009 were $1,633,000 and $3,059,000, compared
to $2,079,000 and $3,612,000, excluding write-downs of goodwill, intangible
assets and mineral properties and deferred exploration costs, for the same
period in 2008, with the decrease attributed primarily to lower expenditures on
investor relations activities, partially in response to the general market
turmoil experience over the past year and partially as the Corporation focused
on the Bellekeno development plan and resource estimate update, and lower
professional fees, partially offset by increased salaries and contractor costs.

- 5 - 


Outlook 
With respect to Bellekeno and as discussed above, Alexco has
now completed a positive Development Plan for the Bellekeno mine, and the board
of directors has approved initiation of construction activity with the objective
of achieving commercial production at Bellekeno during calendar 2010. Alexco was
also issued a Quartz Mining License for the Bellekeno mine in November 2009.
Alexco is currently in the process of negotiating key contracts for mine
construction and operation, including for engineering and procurement and for a
mining contractor, and will shortly begin placing orders for mine plant and
equipment. Detailed design and engineering plans are being completed, and orders
are being placed for mine plant and equipment. Recruitment of key operating
personnel for the mine has been initiated, and mine site construction activity
is expected to increase significantly through February and into spring of
calendar 2010. The Bellekeno mine construction project remains on budget, and on
track for commercial production to have commenced by the third quarter of
calendar 2010. 
With respect to the economic climate, prices for silver, lead
and zinc, being the primary metals found in the Bellekeno resource in particular
and within the Keno Hill district historically, have remained strong in the
second half of calendar 2009 and particularly from early September and
continuing through the current date, and consensus analyst commodity price
forecasts remain cautiously optimistic. Though the high volatility of markets in
the past year has increased project development risk generally, the impact is
less significant for a high-grade primary silver resource such as Bellekeno, and
is further mitigated by the Corporation’s silver purchase agreement with Silver
Wheaton which is expected to provide a significant portion of the capital
required to bring the Bellekeno mine into production. Nonetheless, the
Corporation remains exposed to development risk with respect to Bellekeno,
including but not limited to adverse changes in the estimated capital and
operating costs, local geotechnical risks in the underground operation and the
availability of additional finance should the capital requirements exceed
current estimates. 
Over the coming months as data analysis and interpretation is
completed, Alexco expects to complete a resource estimate in respect of the
historic Elsa tailings based on the work completed during the 2009 exploration
program, with substantially all other results of the 2009 program now having
been released. Alexco is currently planning the 2010 exploration program at its
Keno Hill properties, and anticipates a program entailing approximately 25,000
meters of drilling from surface across the district, plus additional exploration
drilling of approximately 5,100 meters underground at Bellekeno to further
expand the Bellekeno resources. Major areas of focus for the surface program
will be the Silver King and Lucky Queen historical mine areas, as well as new
targets within the district that are not directly associated with former mines
and have been identified as a result of work done on regional stratigraphy and
correlation of structural observations. Alexco anticipates that approximately
20,000 meters of surface drilling would be in respect of historical mine areas,
with 5,000 meters in respect of “new” targets. The plan anticipates commencement
of drilling with the first rig in spring 2010, ramping to potentially four
drills by the height of the summer season. The significant majority of the 2010
exploration program costs are expected to be funded by the proceeds from the
$9.5 million flow-through financing completed in December 2009. 
With respect to its consulting services division, the
Corporation remains engaged in the on-going environmental care and maintenance
program and reclamation and closure projects at Keno Hill under its contract
through ERDC with Government and in accordance with the Subsidiary Agreement,
and continues to service its private sector client base in the Yukon through
Access. Similarly, the Corporation intends to continue expanding its
environmental services activities, both in the Yukon and Northwest Territories
as it leverages recent increases in staff with environmental, permitting and
management expertise, and in the United States and elsewhere as it realizes the
benefits of business development efforts undertaken over the past year. In
January 2010, the Corporation announced the appointment of Mr. Jim Harrington to
the position of President of the Alexco Environmental Group, as part of Alexco’s
long term strategy to expand its consulting services business. 
The Corporation notes that the volatile economic climate could
potentially limit opportunities to expand, or may even reduce, its consulting
services activities. However, a significant component of the services performed
for clients are required by regulation and are not optional expenditures. While
the degree of uncertainty is relatively high, management’s best estimate is that
the current economic climate will not have a significant adverse impact in the
near term on the consulting services division. 
- 6 - 


Summary of Quarterly Results 
Key financial information for the second quarter of the 2010
fiscal year as well as the quarters spanning the two most recent fiscal years is
summarized as follows, reported in thousands of dollars except for per share
amounts: 

  
    
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
    
  
    (unaudited) 
        
        
        
      Loss per Share 
      Expenditures
        on 
       
    
  
      
        
      Gross Profit 
        
      (Basic and Fully 
      Mineral
      
       
    
  
    Period 
      Revenue 
      (Loss) 
      Net Loss 
      Diluted) 
      Properties 
       
    
  
      
        
        
        
        
        
       
    
  
    F2008-Q1 
      1,388 
      449 
      (481) 
      ($0.01) 
      3,788
      
       
    
  
    F2008-Q2 
      1,719 
      264 
      (605) 
      ($0.02) 
      3,029
      
       
    
  
    F2008-Q3 
      1,296 
      121 
      (1,401) 
      ($0.04) 
      2,373
      
       
    
  
    F2008-Q4 
      1,333 
      229 
      (1,481) 
      ($0.04) 
      4,640
      
       
    
  
    F2008 Total 
      5,736 
      1,063 
      (3,968) 
      ($0.11) 
      13,830
      
       
    
  
    F2009-Q1 
      1,537 
      518 
      (659) 
      ($0.02) 
      6,287
      
       
    
  
    F2009-Q2 
      1,557 
      258 
      (5,017) 
      ($0.13) 
      6,602
      
       
    
  
    F2009-Q3 
      1,242 
      259 
      (1,730) 
      ($0.04) 
      5,589
      
       
    
  
    F2009-Q4 
      1,482 
      (646) 
      (2,167) 
      ($0.05) 
      6,467
      
       
    
  
    F2009 Total 
      5,818 
      389 
      (9,573) 
      ($0.24) 
      24,945
      
       
    
  
    F2010-Q1 
      1,512 
      479 
      (722) 
      ($0.02) 
      3,642
      
       
    
  
    F2010-Q2 
      938 
      116 
      (1,449) 
      ($0.03) 
      1,867
      
       
    
  
    F2010 YTD 
      2,450 
      595 
      (2,171) 
      ($0.05) 
      5,509 
       
    
The net losses in F2008-Q3 and F2009-Q3 are each significantly
affected by stock-based compensation expense recognitions of $520,000 and
$507,000 respectively. The reduced gross margins in F2008-Q2, F2008-Q3, F2008-Q4
and F2010-Q2 reflect the combination of the cost-share impact and cost increases
realized under the Subsidiary Agreement contract. The reduced gross margins in
F2009-Q2 and F2009-Q4 reflect estimated provisions recorded in those quarters
for losses under the Subsidiary Agreement contract of $120,000 and $1,030,000
respectively. The net losses of each of F2008-Q3 and F2009-Q3 reflect costs
associated with the Corporation’s annual awards of cash bonuses and incentive
stock option grantings to its employees. The net loss in F2008-Q4 reflects
increased general and administrative expenses, including professional fees, as
well as an increase in the future income tax valuation allowance arising from
losses for tax purposes generated within the consulting group subsidiaries. The
net loss in F2009-Q2 reflects the impact of increased professional fees relating
to the Silver Wheaton agreement and impairment write-downs recorded that quarter
of $852,000 in respect of intangible assets, $2,430,000 in respect of the
Brewery Creek mineral property and $917,000 in respect of goodwill, partially
offset by future income tax recoveries totaling $931,000. The increased mineral
property expenditures in F2009-Q1 through F2009-Q4, and in part F2008-Q4,
reflects the commencement of development of the underground decline and the
initiation of the underground drill program at the Bellekeno property. The
reduced mineral property expenditures in F2010-Q2 reflect the effects of
exploration seasonality plus reduced field expenditures at Bellekeno during the
period when the Development Plan was being finalized and construction was in the
initiation phase. 
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
At December 31, 2009, the Corporation had cash and cash
equivalents of $13,556,000. The Corporation’s net working capital totaled
$13,931,000 compared to $13,343,000, including the unexpended balance of Silver
Wheaton deposit payments included in restricted cash and deposits, at June 30,
2009. At December 31, 2009, all such deposit payments received to date had been
fully expended on the Bellekeno property. 
The Corporation has no investments in asset backed commercial
paper and faces no known liquidity issues in any of its investments. 
Cash used in operating activities was $1,266,000 in F2010-Q2
versus $1,754,000 in F2009-Q2, with the decreased use of cash in the current
quarter attributed primarily to lower general and administrative costs. Cash
used in investing activities was $2,306,000 in F2010-Q2 versus $2,129,000,
excluding the singular impact of the receipt of the Silver Wheaton deposit
funds, in F2009-Q2, primarily in respect of expenditures on mineral properties
and deferred exploration and related property, plant and equipment purchases,
and with respect to the Keno Hill district in particular. Such expenditures in
each period, however, were significantly offset by the decrease in restricted
cash and deposits as funding for the Bellekeno expenditures was drawn from the
Silver Wheaton deposit cash. 
- 7 - 


Under the silver purchase agreement with Silver Wheaton, the
Corporation is to receive deposit payments totaling US$50 million, plus a
further payment of the lesser of US$3.90 (increasing by 1% per annum after the
third year of full production) and the prevailing market price for each ounce of
silver delivered. The agreement also provides that prior to the commencement of
commercial production, all deposit payments received from Silver Wheaton can
only be expended on the development and construction of the Bellekeno mine,
being one of the Corporation’s Keno Hill district properties. 
Under the agreement, the deposit balance is reduced on each
silver delivery by the excess of the prevailing market value of the silver
delivered over the per-ounce cash amount paid by Silver Wheaton at the time.
After the initial 40 year term of the agreement, the Corporation is required to
refund the balance of any deposit payments received and not yet reduced through
silver deliveries. The Corporation would also be required to refund the balance
of deposit payments received and not yet reduced if Silver Wheaton exercised its
right to terminate the agreement in an event of default by the Corporation,
which would include a failure to meet certain Bellekeno mine construction
milestones. The Corporation will be required to refund a pro-rata portion of the
balance of the deposit not yet reduced to the extent the Bellekeno mine has not
achieved a production rate of 400 tonnes of ore per day by December 31, 2013.

An initial deposit payment under the agreement of US$15 million
(C$18,210,000) was received by the Corporation in December 2008 and recorded in
restricted cash and deposits. The remaining US$35 million is paid on a monthly
draw-down basis to fund the Bellekeno mine infrastructure and processing
facility construction costs, subject to certain conditions including the
Corporation having sufficient committed funds available to complete construction
and achieve production within specified time frames. 
In December 2009, the Corporation issued by way of private
placement 2,375,000 flow-through common shares on a brokered basis at $4.00 per
share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $9,500,000. Net proceeds from the
issuance were $9,056,000, after issuance costs comprised of the agents’
commission of $557,000 and other issuance costs of $78,000, less the future
income tax benefit of such costs of $191,000. As a consequence of its issuance
of these flow-through shares, as at December 31, 2009 the Corporation was
committed to incur renounceable exploration expenditures by December 31, 2010
totaling $9,500,000. 
On January 20, 2010, the Corporation entered into an agreement
with certain underwriters to sell 7,350,000 common shares of the Corporation at
a price of $3.50 per share to raise gross proceeds of $25,725,000 pursuant to a
short form prospectus under the multi-jurisdictional disclosure system. In
addition, the Corporation granted the underwriters an over-allotment option to
purchase up to that number of additional Common Shares equal to 15% of the
common shares sold pursuant to the Offering, exercisable anytime up to 30 days
from the closing of the Offering. The aggregate fee to the underwriters will be
7% of the gross proceeds of the offering. The Corporation intends to use the net
proceeds of the Offering at the Bellekeno mine which it’s currently developing,
for construction backstop finance to mitigate capital cost overrun risk and for
the mine’s initial working capital finance, and to further explore and develop
the Corporation’s other properties located in the Keno Hill silver district. A
final short form prospectus in respect of the Offering was filed with the
applicable securities regulatory authorities on February 1, 2010, and closing of
the Offering is expected to occur on or about February 11, 2010. 
With the closing of the Offering, the Corporation anticipates
it will have sufficient capital resources to carry out its planned 2010
exploration program and service the working capital requirements of its
consulting services business and its corporate offices and administration for at
least the next 12 month period, and to complete the construction and development
of, and achieve commercial production at, the Bellekeno mine. However, as with
any mine development project, the construction and development of the Bellekeno
mine involves significant inherent risks that could result in material
unanticipated capital costs to the Corporation. Furthermore, as non-renewable
resources, mines by their nature have a finite life. Because of these factors,
combined with its long term objectives for the exploration and development of
its mineral properties, the Corporation may eventually require additional
funding. 
The Corporation has historically obtained its main source of
funding from equity issuances, though will consider all sources of finance
reasonably available to it, including but not limited to issuance of new
capital, issuance of new debt and the sale of assets in whole or in part,
including mineral property interests. There can be no assurance of continued
access to finance in the future, and an inability to secure such finance may
require the Corporation to substantially curtail and defer its planned
exploration and development activities. 
Share Data 
As at the date of this MD&A, the Corporation has 45,753,936
common shares issued and outstanding. In addition, there are outstanding stock
options for a further 3,933,750 common shares. 
- 8 - 


Use of Financial Instruments 
The majority of the Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents at
December 31, 2009 were held in the form of bankers’ acceptances, with the
balance held in the form of demand deposits. The Corporation’s restricted cash
and deposits were held in the form of bankers’ acceptances and term deposits.
The Corporation’s only other financial instruments were its trade and other
accounts receivable and its accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
All bankers’ acceptances held at December 31, 2009 carried
initial maturity periods of three months or less, and their fair values have
been estimated by the Corporation by making reference to published yields for
such instruments. All term deposits held at December 31, 2009 are included in
long term restricted cash, though as individual financial instruments carried
initial maturity periods of one year or less. They have been classified as
investments held to maturity and accordingly are carried at amortized cost using
the effective interest method. Given their short term nature and low investment
risk, the Corporation has estimated that the carrying amounts of the term
deposits approximate their fair values. The carrying amounts of the
Corporation’s trade and other accounts receivable and accounts payable and
accrued liabilities are estimated to reasonably approximate their fair values.
The Corporation holds no derivative instruments, and has not employed any
hedging activities. 
Substantially all of the Corporation’s cash, demand deposits,
bankers’ acceptances and term deposits are held with major financial
institutions in Canada, and management believes the exposure to credit risk with
respect to such institutions is not significant. Those financial assets that
potentially subject the Corporation to credit risk are primarily receivables,
and the Corporation’s maximum credit risk exposure in respect of its receivables
is represented by their carrying amount. Management actively monitors the
Corporation’s exposure to credit risk under its financial instruments,
particularly with respect to receivables, and has increased its focus on credit
risk given the impact of the current economic climate on its customer base. The
Corporation considers the risk of loss to be significantly mitigated due to the
financial strength of the Corporation’s major customers, which include
government organizations as well as substantial corporate entities. As at
December 31, 2009, no material provision had been recorded in respect of
impaired receivables. 
The Corporation currently has only limited exposure through its
financial instruments to fluctuations in exchange rates between the Canadian and
US dollar as significantly all of its property, plant and equipment and mineral
properties are located, and significantly all of its revenue is earned, in
Canada. Should the Corporation be successful in its efforts to increase the
consulting services provided in the US market, its exposure through its
financial instruments to exchange rate risk would accordingly be increased. The
Corporation’s exposure through its financial instruments to exchange rate risk
may also increase as deposit advances are received under the Silver Wheaton
silver purchase agreement and as it develops and constructs mines at Bellekeno
or any other of its mineral properties, and will likely increase as it commences
commercial production from any such mines. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
The Corporation has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
Related Party Transactions 
During the three and six month periods ended December 31, 2009,
the Corporation incurred $21,000 and $45,000 (2008 – $24,000 and $48,000) in
respect of rent of office space under an agreement with Access Field Services, a
company owned by certain individuals who are executive officers of the
Corporation and its subsidiary Access. At December 31, 2009, accounts payable
and accrued liabilities include $nil due to Access Field Services (June 30, 2009
– $nil). 
These transactions were in the normal course of operations and
are measured at the exchange amount, which is the amount established and agreed
to by the related parties. The resulting accounts payable and accrued
liabilities are payable currently under normal third-party trade payable terms
and conditions. 
Critical Accounting Estimates 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
Canadian GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts and the valuation of assets and liabilities and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenditures during the
period reported. Management uses its best estimates for these purposes, based on
assumptions that it believes reflect the most probable set of economic
conditions and planned courses of action. 
- 9 - 


The critical accounting estimates used in preparing the
Corporation’s financial statements are listed below. 
Mineral Properties and Deferred Exploration and Development
Costs 
The Corporation records its interests in mineral properties at
cost. Exploration and development expenditures relating to mineral properties
that the Corporation has acquired, or has the right to acquire, are deferred and
will be amortized against future production following commencement of commercial
production, or written off if the properties are sold, allowed to lapse, or
abandoned. Grassroots exploration expenditures, incurred prior to the
Corporation acquiring or obtaining the right to acquire a mineral property, are
expensed. 
Management of the Corporation reviews and evaluates the
carrying value of each mineral property for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the related asset may not be
recoverable. If the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis
are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized
and assets are written down to fair value which is normally determined using the
discounted value of future cash flows. Where estimates of future net cash flows
are not available and where other conditions suggest impairment, management
assesses whether carrying value can be recovered by considering alternative
methods of determining fair value. 
Upon completion of the Development Plan as discussed above,
management carried out an impairment review of the carrying amount of the
Bellekeno property, and based on that review concluded that the carrying amount
is not impaired. Management also concluded that with respect to all of Alexco’s
mineral properties, as at December 31, 2009 there had been no events or changes
in circumstances since the last impairment review which indicated that any of
their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Management’s estimates of mineral
prices, mineral resources, and operating, capital and reclamation costs are
subject to significant risks and uncertainties that may affect the determination
of the recoverability of mineral property and deferred exploration costs.
Although management has used its best estimate of these factors, it is possible
that material changes could occur which may adversely affect management’s
estimate of the net cash flows to be generated from its properties. 
Asset Retirement Obligations 
The Corporation’s asset retirement obligations (“ARO”) relate
to expected reclamation and closure activities at its mineral properties. The
ARO are accreted to full value over time through periodic accretion charges.
Evaluations of the ARO at each mineral property are based on formal reviews
which are conducted annually at a minimum and otherwise upon the occurrence of
significant new events or changes in circumstances. The Corporation prepares
estimates of the timing and amount of expected cash flows associated with its
ARO, retaining independent advisors where considered appropriate. The carrying
amounts of its ARO are measured by discounting the expected cash flows using an
appropriate interest rate. 
At December 31, 2009, the Corporation’s ARO totaled $716,000,
comprised of $295,000 relating to reclamation obligations arising from the
development of the underground decline at the Bellekeno property, and $421,000
relating to reclamation and closure activities at the Brewery Creek property
including site reclamation and facilities removal and post-closure monitoring.

Approximately two thirds of the Brewery Creek ARO costs pertain
to post-closure monitoring expected to span roughly the next ten years, with the
balance pertaining to site reclamation and facilities removal expected to be
completed within the next two years. The Corporation has determined the Brewery
Creek ARO based on an evaluation report prepared by independent advisors. In
accordance with Canadian GAAP, the Corporation has used the various
classifications of probability within that report to determine the fair value of
the ARO. The report included identification of additional contingent mitigation
measures that might potentially be required, assessing the likelihood of such
measures being required as “possible”, “unlikely” or “very unlikely”. The ARO
recorded in respect of Brewery Creek at December 31, 2009 of $421,000 materially
provides for all planned activities plus all contingent mitigation measures with
an assessed likelihood of “possible” and “unlikely”. In the highly unlikely
event that all identified contingent mitigation measures should be required,
including those with an assessed likelihood of “very unlikely”, this Brewery
Creek ARO would need to be increased to approximately $2.3 million. 
The Bellekeno property ARO has been determined by the
Corporation based on evaluations and estimations prepared internally, and
reflects the relatively limited extent of development completed at Bellekeno as
at December 31, 2009. As construction and development of the Bellekeno mine
progresses and commercial production commences, management expects the recorded
Bellekeno property ARO will increase significantly. 
- 10 - 


Management’s determination of the Corporation’s ARO is based on
the reclamation and closure activities it anticipates as being required, the
additional contingent mitigation measures it identifies as potentially being
required and its assessment of the likelihood of such contingent measures being
required, and its estimate of the probable costs and timing of such activities
and measures. The making of such evaluations and estimates is subject to
significant inherent uncertainty. The future cash flows required to settle the
Corporation’s ARO may therefore vary materially from those anticipated by the
ARO currently recognized in its balance sheet, and periodic re-evaluations of
that ARO may result in material changes to its balance. 
Intangible Assets 
Intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated
amortization. Amortization for patents is calculated on a straight-line basis
over their estimated useful lives. The Corporation assesses the recoverability
of definite life intangible assets if there are indications of impairment. In
performing this analysis, management considers such factors as current results,
trends and future prospects, in addition to other economic and regulatory
factors. When the carrying value of an intangible asset is greater than its net
recoverable value as determined on an undiscounted basis, an impairment loss is
recognized to the extent that its fair value, measured as the discounted cash
flows over the life of the asset, is below the asset’s carrying value. Where
estimates of future net cash flows are not available and where other conditions
suggest impairment, management assesses whether carrying value can be recovered.

As at December 31, 2009, management concluded that there had
been no events or changes in circumstances since the last impairment review
which indicated that the carrying amount of any of its intangible assets was
impaired. 
Revenue Recognition 
Revenue from all consulting services is recognized under the
proportional performance method based on an output appropriate to the particular
service contract, such as performance of agreed service deliverables, or
provision of billable hours under straight hourly bill contracts. Where the
Corporation commits to provide service deliverables under a fixed price
contract, estimated costs remaining to complete the contract are regularly
reviewed and full provision is made immediately for any anticipated loss.
Recognition of all revenue is subject to the provision that ultimate collection
be reasonably assured at the time of recognition. 
Under the terms of the Subsidiary Agreement, ERDC is
responsible for carrying out environmental care and maintenance activities at
various sites in the Keno Hill district during the period required to develop
and obtain acceptance and regulatory approval for the Keno Hill district closure
reclamation plan, for annual fees based on an annually-determined fixed fee
benchmark adjusted each year for certain operating and inflationary factors and
determined on a site-by-site basis. The portion of the annually-determined fee
benchmark which is billable each year by ERDC in respect of each site will
reduce by 15% each year until all site-specific care and maintenance activities
have been replaced by closure reclamation activities. The total amount of
estimated care and maintenance fees over the remaining anticipated care and
maintenance period is recognized as revenue over that period on a straight-line
basis. The Corporation could incur significant costs over the period it
undertakes such care and maintenance activities, particularly if acceptance and
approval of the closure reclamation plan and commencement of reclamation
activities should be significantly delayed. 
Each quarter, management reviews its estimates of when the care
and maintenance period will end, and the fees ERDC will bill and the care and
maintenance costs it will incur over the remainder of that period. Any resulting
increase or reversal of the Corporation’s consulting services contract loss
provision is charged or credited to consulting costs. 
Stock Options and Warrants 
The Corporation accounts for stock options at fair value. Compensation
  expense for options granted is determined based on estimated fair values of
  the options at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
  The cost is recognized over the vesting period of the respective options and
  is capitalized to mineral properties and deferred exploration and development
  costs for grants to individuals working directly on mineral projects. Warrants
  issued are recorded at estimated fair values using the Black-Scholes option
  pricing model. Determining the inputs required for option pricing models requires
  highly subjective assumptions including the expected price volatility and the
  expected life of the option or warrant. Changes in these subjective inputs can
  materially affect the result, and therefore any such model does not necessarily
  provide a reliable single measure of fair value. Furthermore, the fair values
  of options and warrants are estimated using methodologies prescribed under applicable
  accounting standards for financial reporting purposes. Such methodologies may
  not be appropriate for determining fair values for other purposes. 
- 11 - 



Future Income Taxes 
The Corporation uses the liability method of accounting for
income taxes. Under this method, current income taxes are recognized for the
estimated income taxes payable for the current year. Future income tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the tax and
accounting bases of assets and liabilities as well as for the benefit of losses
available to be carried forward to future years for tax purposes. Future income
tax assets are evaluated and if realization is not considered more likely than
not, a valuation allowance is estimated and recorded. 
Changes In and Initial Adoption of Accounting Policies

Under Canadian GAAP, the Corporation has been required to adopt
certain new and revised accounting standards for interim and annual financial
statements relating to its 2010 fiscal year commencing July 1, 2009. 
For interim and annual financial statements relating to its
fiscal year commencing July 1, 2009, the Corporation adopted the new CICA
Accounting Handbook Section 3064, “Goodwill and Intangible Assets”,
replacing existing Handbook Section 3062 “Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets”. This Standard reinforces the principle-based approach to the
recognition of assets only in accordance with the definition of an asset and the
criteria for asset recognition, and clarifies the application of the concept of
matching revenues and expenses such that the current practice of recognizing
assets that may not meet the definition and recognition criteria are eliminated.
This new standard also provides guidance for the treatment of pre-production and
start-up costs and requires that these costs and related revenues be reflected
in earnings. The adoption of this standard has had no impact on the
Corporation’s financial statements. 
For interim and annual financial statements relating to its
fiscal year commencing July 1, 2011, the Corporation will be required to adopt
new CICA Accounting Handbook Section 1582 “Business Combinations”,
Section 1601 “Consolidated Financial Statements” and Section 1602
“Non-Controlling Interests”. Handbook Section 1582 replaces existing
Handbook Section 1581 “Business Combinations”, and Handbook Sections 1601
and 1602 together replace Handbook Section 1600 “Consolidated Financial
Statements”. 
Handbook Sections 1582, 1601 and 1602 collectively require net
assets, non-controlling interests and goodwill acquired in a business
combination to be recorded at fair value and non-controlling interests to be
reported as a component of equity. In addition, the definition of a business is
expanded and is described as an integrated set of activities and assets that are
capable of being managed to provide a return to investors or economic benefits
to owners. Acquisition costs are not part of the consideration and are to be
expensed when incurred. The Corporation has not yet determined the effect if any
that the adoption of these new standards will have on its financial statements.

Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards

Under a pronouncement issued by the Canadian Accounting
Standards Board in February 2008, effective for its fiscal year commencing July
1, 2011 the Corporation will be required to adopt International Financial
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) in replacement of Canadian GAAP, including
restatement of amounts reported for comparative purposes. 
Management is in the final stages of developing its IFRS
changeover plan, included identifying and prioritizing areas of differences
between Canadian GAAP and IFRS that will be significant for Alexco, and has
initiated training for key personnel who will be involved in both the
development and execution of the plan. A project timeline for the transition has
been developed, and management has begun its detailed component evaluation.
Significant areas of difference that have been identified to date include
property, plant and equipment, asset retirement obligations, exploration for and
evaluation of mineral resources, impairment of long-lived assets, translation of
transactions denominated in foreign currencies and accounting for income taxes,
as well as the transitional provisions of IFRS 1, “First-time Adoption of
International Financial Reporting Standards”. As the development and
execution of the changeover plan progresses, Alexco will provide additional
insight into the expected impact of the transition to IFRS on its financial
reporting, information technology and data systems, internal control over
financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and business activities.
The impact of transition to IFRS on the Corporation’s financial reporting has
not yet been determined. 
- 12 -


Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
Internal control over financial reporting is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with the accounting principles under which the Corporation’s financial
statements are prepared. As required under Multilateral Instrument 52-109,
management advises that there have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent interim
period, being the three months ended December 31, 2009, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s
internal control over financial reporting. 
Risk Factors 
The following are major risk factors management has identified
which relate to the Corporation’s business activities. Such risk factors could
materially affect the Corporation's future financial results, and could cause
events to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements
relating to the Corporation. Though the following are major risk factors
identified by management, they do not comprise a definitive list of all risk
factors related to the Corporation's business and operations. 
Exploration and Development 
Mineral exploration and development involves a high degree of
risk and few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into
producing mines. With respect to the Corporation’s properties, should any ore
reserves exist, substantial expenditures will be required to confirm ore
reserves which are sufficient to commercially mine, and to obtain the required
environmental approvals and permitting required to commence commercial
operations. Should any mineral resource be defined on such properties there can
be no assurance that the mineral resource on such properties can be commercially
mined or that the metallurgical processing will produce economically viable and
saleable products. The decision as to whether a property contains a commercial
mineral deposit and should be brought into production will depend upon the
results of exploration programs and/or technical studies, and the
recommendations of duly qualified engineers and/or geologists, all of which
involves significant expense. This decision will involve consideration and
evaluation of several significant factors including, but not limited to: (1)
costs of bringing a property into production, including exploration and
development work, preparation of appropriate technical studies and construction
of production facilities; (2) availability and costs of financing; (3) ongoing
costs of production; (4) market prices for the minerals to be produced; (5)
environmental compliance regulations and restraints (including potential
environmental liabilities associated with historical exploration activities);
and (6) political climate and/or governmental regulation and control. 
The ability of the Corporation to sell, and profit from the
sale of any eventual production from any of the Corporation’s properties will be
subject to the prevailing conditions in the marketplace at the time of sale.
Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Corporation and therefore
represent a market risk which could impact the long term viability of the
Corporation and its operations. 
Figures for the Corporation's Resources are Estimates Based
on Interpretation and Assumptions and May Yield Less Mineral Production Under
Actual Conditions than is Currently Estimated 
In making determinations about whether to advance any of its
projects to development, the Corporation must rely upon estimated calculations
as to the mineral resources and grades of mineralization on its properties.
Until ore is actually mined and processed, mineral resources and grades of
mineralization must be considered as estimates only. Mineral resource estimates
are imprecise and depend upon geological interpretation and statistical
inferences drawn from drilling and sampling which may prove to be unreliable.
Alexco cannot be certain that: 

  reserve, resource or other mineralization estimates will be accurate; or
  mineralization can be mined or processed profitably. 
Any material changes in mineral resource estimates and grades
of mineralization will affect the economic viability of placing a property into
production and a property’s return on capital. The Corporation's resource
estimates have been determined and valued based on assumed future prices,
cut-off grades and operating costs that may prove to be inaccurate. Extended
declines in market prices for silver and other metals may render portions of the
Corporation’s mineralization uneconomic and result in reduced reported mineral
resources. 
- 13 - 


Keno Hill District 
While the Corporation has conducted exploration activities in
the Keno Hill district, other than with respect to the Bellekeno property,
further review of historical records and additional exploration and geological
testing will be required to determine whether any of the mineral deposits it
contains are economically recoverable. There is no assurance that such
exploration and testing will result in favourable results. The history of the
Keno Hill district has been one of fluctuating fortunes, with new technologies
and concepts reviving the district numerous times from probable closure until
1989, when it did ultimately close down for a variety of economic and technical
reasons. Many or all of these economic and technical issues will need to be
addressed prior to the commencement of any future production on the Keno Hill
properties. 
Under the terms of the Subsidiary Agreement, ERDC is
responsible for carrying out environmental care and maintenance activities at
various sites in the Keno Hill district during the period required to develop
and obtain acceptance and regulatory approval for the Keno Hill district closure
reclamation plan, for annual fees based on an annually-determined fixed fee
benchmark adjusted each year for certain operating and inflationary factors and
determined on a site-by-site basis. The portion of the annually-determined fee
benchmark which is billable each year by ERDC in respect of each site will
reduce by 15% each year until all site-specific care and maintenance activities
have been replaced by closure reclamation activities. The Corporation could
incur significant costs over the period it undertakes such care and maintenance
activities, particularly if acceptance and approval of the closure reclamation
plan and commencement of reclamation activities should be significantly delayed.

Construction and Operation of the Bellekeno Mine 
The decision by the Corporation to proceed with the
construction and development of the Bellekeno mine was based on the Development
Plan, which included estimates for metal production and capital and operating
costs. Until mined and processed, no assurance can be given that such estimates
will be achieved. Failure to achieve these production and capital and operating
cost estimates or material increases in costs could have an adverse impact on
the Corporation’s future cash flows, profitability, results of operations and
financial condition. The Corporation’s actual production and capital and
operating costs may vary from estimates for a variety of reasons, including:
actual resources mined varying from estimates of grade, tonnage, dilution and
metallurgical and other characteristics; short-term operating factors relating
to the mineable resources, such as the need for sequential development of
resource bodies and the processing of new or different resource grades;
revisions to mine plans; risks and hazards associated with mining; natural
phenomena, such as inclement weather conditions, water availability, floods and
earthquakes; and unexpected labour shortages or strikes. Costs of production may
also be affected by a variety of factors, including changing waste ratios,
metallurgical grades, labour costs, commodity costs, general inflationary
pressures and currency rates. 
Permitting and Environmental Risks and Other Regulatory
Requirements 
The current or future operations of the Corporation, including
development activities, commencement of production on its properties and
activities associated with the Corporation's mine reclamation and remediation
business, require permits or licenses from various federal, territorial and
First Nation governmental authorities, and such operations are and will be
governed by laws, regulations and agreements governing prospecting, development,
mining, production, taxes, labour standards, occupational health, waste
disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection, mine safety and
other matters. Companies engaged in the development and operation of mines and
related facilities and in mine reclamation and remediation activities generally
experience increased costs and delays as a result of the need to comply with the
applicable laws, regulations and permits. There can be no assurance that all
permits which the Corporation may require for the conduct of its operations will
be obtainable on reasonable terms or that such laws and regulations would not
have an adverse effect on any project which the Corporation might undertake,
including but not limited to the Bellekeno mine project. 
Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and
permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions including orders
issued by regulatory or judicial authorities causing operations to cease or be
curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures,
installation of additional equipment or remedial actions. Parties engaged in
mining operations or in mine reclamation and remediation activities may be
required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of such
activities and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed upon them
for violation of applicable laws or regulations. 
- 14 - 



Amendments to current laws, regulations and permits governing
  operations and activities of mining companies and mine reclamation and remediation
  activities could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation. As well,
  policy changes and political pressures within and on federal, territorial and
  First Nation governments having jurisdiction over or dealings with the Corporation
  could change the implementation and interpretation of such laws, regulations
  and permits, also having a material adverse impact on the Corporation. Such
  impacts could result in one or more of increases in capital expenditures or
  production costs, reductions in levels of production at producing properties
  or abandonment or delays in the development of new mining properties. 
Environmental Consulting Services 
A material decline in the level of activity or reduction in
industry willingness to spend capital on mine reclamation, remediation or
environmental services could adversely affect demand for the Corporation's
consulting services. Likewise, a material change in mining product commodity
prices, the ability of mining companies to raise capital or changes in domestic
or international political, regulatory and economic conditions could adversely
affect demand for the Corporation's services. 
Two of the Corporation’s customers, including Government,
accounted for a combined 71% of revenues in the 2009 fiscal year (58% in fiscal
2008). The loss of, or a significant reduction in the volume of business
conducted with, either or both of these customers could have a significant
detrimental effect on the Corporation’s environmental consulting services
business. 
The patents which the Corporation owns or has access to or
other proprietary technology may not prevent the Corporation's competitors from
developing substantially similar technology, which may reduce the Corporation's
competitive advantage. Similarly, the loss of access of any of such patents or
other proprietary technology or claims from third parties that such patents or
other proprietary technology infringe upon proprietary rights which they may
claim or hold would be detrimental to the Corporation's reclamation and
remediation business. 
The Corporation may not be able to keep pace with continual and
rapid technological developments that characterize the market for the
Corporation's mine reclamation and remediation services and the Corporation's
failure to do so may result in a loss of its market share. Similarly, changes in
existing regulations relating to mine reclamation and remediation activities
could require the Corporation to change the way it conducts its business. 
Potential Profitability Of Mineral Properties Depends Upon
Factors Beyond the Control of the Corporation 
The potential profitability of mineral properties is dependent
upon many factors beyond the Corporation’s control. For instance, world prices
of and markets for gold and silver are unpredictable, highly volatile,
potentially subject to governmental fixing, pegging and/or controls and respond
to changes in domestic, international, political, social and economic
environments. Another factor is that rates of recovery of mined ore may vary
from the rate experienced in tests and a reduction in the recovery rate will
adversely affect profitability and, possibly, the economic viability of a
property. Profitability also depends on the costs of operations, including costs
of labour, equipment, electricity, environmental compliance or other production
inputs. Such costs will fluctuate in ways the Corporation cannot predict and are
beyond the Corporation’s control, and such fluctuations will impact on
profitability and may eliminate profitability altogether. Additionally, due to
worldwide economic uncertainty, the availability and cost of funds for
development and other costs have become increasingly difficult, if not
impossible, to project. These changes and events may materially affect the
financial performance of the Corporation. 
First Nation Rights and Title 
The nature and extent of First Nation rights and title remains
the subject of active debate, claims and litigation in Canada, including in the
Yukon and including with respect to intergovernmental relations between First
Nation authorities and federal, provincial and territorial authorities. There
can be no guarantee that such claims will not cause permitting delays,
unexpected interruptions or additional costs for the Corporation’s projects.

Title to Mineral Properties 
The acquisition of title to mineral properties is a complicated
and uncertain process. The properties may be subject to prior unregistered
agreements of transfer or land claims, and title may be affected by undetected
defects. The Corporation has taken steps, in accordance with industry standards,
to verify mineral properties in which it has an interest. Although the
Corporation has made efforts to ensure that legal title to its properties is
properly recorded in the name of the Corporation, there can be no assurance that
such title will ultimately be secured. 
- 15 - 


Capitalization and Commercial Viability 
The Corporation will require additional funds to further
explore, develop and mine its properties. The Corporation has limited financial
resources, and there is no assurance that additional funding will be available
to the Corporation to carry out the completion of all proposed activities, for
additional exploration or for the substantial capital that is typically required
in order to place a property into commercial production. In addition, while the
Corporation intends to draw upon the remaining US$35 million Silver Wheaton
deposit amount to fund the construction and development of the Bellekeno mine,
there remains a risk that Silver Wheaton will be unable or unwilling to pay such
funds. Although the Corporation has been successful in the past in obtaining
financing through the sale of equity securities, there can be no assurance that
the Corporation will be able to obtain adequate financing in the future or that
the terms of such financing will be favourable. Failure to obtain such
additional financing could result in the delay or indefinite postponement of
further exploration and development of its properties. 
General Economic Conditions May Adversely Affect Our Growth
and Profitability. 
The recent unprecedented events in global financial markets
have had a profound impact on the global economy and led to increased levels of
volatility. Many industries, including the mining industry, are impacted by
these market conditions. Some of the impacts of the current financial market
turmoil include contraction in credit markets resulting in a widening of credit
risk, devaluations and high volatility in global equity, commodity, foreign
exchange and precious metal markets, a lack of market liquidity. If the current
turmoil and volatility levels continue it may adversely affect the Corporation's
growth and profitability. Specifically: 

  
  the global credit/liquidity crisis could impact the cost and availability
  of financing and the Corporation’s overall liquidity; 
  
  the volatility of silver prices could impact the Corporation’s revenues,
  profits, losses and cash flow; 
  
  volatile energy prices, commodity and consumables prices and currency
  exchange rates would impact the Corporation’s operating costs; and 
  
  the devaluation and volatility of global stock markets could impact the
  valuation of the Corporation’s equity and other securities. 
These factors could have a material adverse effect on Alexco’s
financial condition and results of operations. 
Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements 
This MD&A contains “forward-looking statements” concerning
the Corporation's anticipated results and developments in the Corporation’s
operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of its
properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur in
the future, made as of the date of this MD&A. Forward-looking statements may
include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to future remediation
and reclamation activities, future mineral exploration, the estimation of
mineral reserves and mineral resources, the realization of mineral reserve and
mineral resource estimates, the timing of activities and the amount of estimated
revenues and expenses, the success of exploration activities, permitting time
lines, requirements for additional capital and sources and uses of funds. 
Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known
  and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual
  events or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
  statements. Such factors include, among others, risks related to actual results
  of exploration activities; actual results of remediation and reclamation activities;
  conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters as plans
  continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and other commodities;
  possible variations in ore reserves, grade or recovery rates; failure of plant,
  equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour disputes
  and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining governmental
  approvals or financing or in the completion of development activities. Furthermore,
  forward-looking statements are statements about the future and are inherently
  uncertain, and actual achievements of the Corporation or other future events
  or conditions may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking
  statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including
  but not limited to those referred to in this MD&A under the heading "Risk
  Factors". Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions that management
  believes are reasonable at the time they are made. In making the forward-looking
  statements included in this MD&A, the Corporation has applied several material
  assumptions, including, but not limited to, the assumption that: (1) the proposed
  development of its mineral projects will be viable operationally and economically
  and proceed as planned; (2) market fundamentals will result in sustained silver,
  lead and zinc demand and prices, and such prices will be materially consistent
  with those anticipated in the Development Plan, (3) the actual nature, size
  and grade of its mineral resources are materially consistent with the resource
  estimates reported in the most recent applicable technical report; and (4) any
  additional financing needed will be available on reasonable terms. 
- 16 - 



Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors – Information Concerning
Preparation of Resource Estimates 
This MD&A has been prepared in accordance with the
requirements of the securities laws in effect in Canada, which differ from the
requirements of United States securities laws. Unless otherwise indicated, all
resource and reserve estimates included in this MD&A have been prepared in
accordance with NI 43-101 and the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy
Classification System. NI 43-101 is a rule developed by the Canadian Securities
Administrators which establishes standards for all public disclosure an issuer
makes of scientific and technical information concerning mineral projects. NI
43-101 permits the disclosure of an historical estimate made prior to the
adoption of NI 43-101 that does not otherwise comply with NI 43-101, using the
historical terminology, if the disclosure: (a) identifies the source and date of
the historical estimate; (b) comments on the relevance and reliability of the
historical estimate; (c) states whether the historical estimate uses categories
other than those prescribed by NI 43-101 and if so includes an explanation of
the differences; and (d) includes any more recent estimates or data available.
Such historical estimates are presented concerning certain of the Corporation’s
properties described herein. 
Canadian standards, including NI 43-101, differ significantly
from the requirements of Industry Guide 7 promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) under the United States Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and resource and reserve information contained herein
may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by U.S. companies. In
particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term
“resource” does not equate to the term “reserves”. Under U.S. standards,
mineralization may not be classified as a “reserve” unless the determination has
been made that the mineralization could be economically and legally produced or
extracted at the time the reserve determination is made. The SEC's disclosure
standards under Industry Guide 7 do not define the terms and normally do not
permit the inclusion of information concerning “measured mineral resources”,
“indicated mineral resources” or “inferred mineral resources” or other
descriptions of the amount of mineralization in mineral deposits that do not
constitute “reserves” by U.S. standards in documents filed with the SEC. U.S.
Investors should also understand that “inferred mineral resources” have a great
amount of uncertainty as to their existence and great uncertainty as to their
economic and legal feasibility. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of an
“inferred mineral resource” will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under
Canadian rules, estimated “inferred mineral resources” may not form the basis of
feasibility or pre-feasibility studies except in rare cases. Investors are
cautioned not to assume that all or any part of an “inferred mineral resource”
exists or is economically or legally mineable. 
Disclosure of “contained ounces” in a resource is permitted
disclosure under Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally only permits
issuers to report mineralization that does not constitute “reserves” by SEC
standards as in place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. The
requirements of NI 43-101 for identification of “reserves” are also not the same
as those of the SEC’s Industry Guide 7, and reserves reported by the Corporation
in compliance with NI 43-101 may not qualify as “reserves” under Industry Guide
7 standards. Accordingly, information concerning mineral deposits set forth
herein may not be comparable with information made public by companies that
report in accordance with U. S. standards. 
- 17 -