Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com
   








  
    
    
  
Joint News Release 
Alexco and the First Nation of Nacho Nyak Dun Sign
Comprehensive Cooperation and Benefits Agreement
June 29, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco”) and the First Nation of the Na-Cho Nyak Dun (“NND”)
are pleased to announce the signing of the Comprehensive Cooperation and
Benefits Agreement (“Agreement”).
Building on the accord that was reached in 2008 and
memorialized as the Exploration Cooperation Agreement signed in May of that
year, this new Agreement further solidifies the relationship between Alexco and
NND as the Bellekeno Mine nears production. The Agreement replaces the earlier
Exploration Cooperation Agreement, and sets out common understandings,
obligations, and opportunities arising from exploration, care & maintenance,
district closure activities, and mine production.
A key milestone in the revitalization of the Keno Hill Silver
District, the Agreement positions Alexco to move forward in all of its current
and future activities in the District with certainty, and ensures that NND is
well positioned to maximize benefits that increased activity in the Traditional
Territory will bring. 
Covering surface and advanced exploration and environmental
activities, care & maintenance, closure activities and mine production, the
Agreement is a comprehensive tool for facilitating and ensuring the continuation
of a good working relationship into the future. The Agreement also ensures that
Alexco and NND will work together to facilitate the meaningful participation of
NND in environmental regulatory processes concerning the further development of
the Keno Hill Silver District. 
Key Points of the Agreement

  Provides Project Certainty for the development of the Keno Hill Silver
  District;
  Mandates the Cooperative Engagement Process for involving constructive
  participation of NND in all existing and future environmental approval
  processes;
  Establishes a Business Development commitment for both parties to jointly
  identify and pursue contracting and partnering opportunities; 


  
    Head Office 
  T. 604 633 4888 
  
  
    Alexco Resource Corp. 
    F. 604 633
      4887 
  
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150 
   
  
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4 
   
  
  
    Canada 
   
  







  Clearly identifies obligations and assigns responsibilities for
  straightforward implementation;
  Outlines Alexco's financial support for the establishment of NND
  scholarships, technical support for future regulatory submissions and legacy
  funding towards a community trust. 
"We are very pleased to have concluded a new Agreement with the
FNNND that identifies and builds on mutually beneficial goals, establishes a
cooperative engagement process and provides project certainty for Alexco to
advance current and future projects. The Agreement bolsters the solid social
platform on which both Alexco and NND will cooperate,” said Clynt Nauman, Alexco
President and CEO.
"This agreement provides a solid and expanding foundation to
build a long term relationship between Alexco and NND, it will provide the
parties with mutual certainty which will enable activities and projects in the
Keno Hill Silver District to proceed while fully addressing the First Nation's
interests regarding economic opportunities and environmental stewardship", said
NND Chief Simon Mervyn.


  
    Clynt Nauman, President & CEO 
    Chief Simon Mervyn 
  
    Alexco Resource Corp. 
    First Nation of the Na-Cho Nyak Dun 
  
    Telephone: (604) 633-4888 
    Telephone: (867) 996-2265 
Some statements in this news release contain forward-looking
information concerning the Company’s anticipated results and developments in the
Company’s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of
its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur
in the future, made as of the date of this press release. Forward-looking
statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to
future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral exploration, the
estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the realization of mineral
reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of activities and the amount
of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of exploration activities,
permitting time lines, requirements for additional capital and sources and uses
of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events
or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, among others, risks related to actual results
of remediation and reclamation activities; actual results of exploration
activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters
as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and other
commodities; possible variations in ore bodies, grade or recovery rates; failure
of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour
disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining
governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development
activities.
Page 2 of 2