Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com






 
News Release 
ALEXCO ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF CAD$41,000,000
BOUGHT DEAL FINANCING 
December 23, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that it
has closed the bought deal equity financing announced December 7, 2010 (the
“Offering”). The Company has issued 5,000,000 common shares at a price of
CAD$8.20 per common share for gross proceeds of CAD$41,000,000. 
The Offering was led a syndicate of underwriters (the
“Underwriters”). The Underwriters received a cash commission of 6% of the gross
proceeds raised through the Offering and warrants (“Broker Warrants”) equal in
number to 4% of the number of common shares issued through the Offering. Each
Broker Warrant shall be exercisable to acquire one common share of the Company
at an exercise price of CAD$8.50 for a period of 12 months from closing.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering to
fund project development and ongoing exploration activities, and for general
working capital. 
This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of any of the Common
Shares in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be
unlawful. The Common Shares have not been and will not be registered under the
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or
any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United
States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S
under the U.S. Securities Act) unless registered under the U.S. Securities Act
and applicable state securities laws or pursuant to an exemption from such
registration requirements. 
About Alexco 
Alexco’s business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company’s core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com or visit the Company’s website at
www.alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain forward-looking
information concerning the Company’s intended use of proceeds, anticipated
results and developments in the Company’s operations in future periods, planned
exploration and development of its properties, plans related to its business or
financings and other matters that may occur in the future, made as of the date
of this press release. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not
limited to, statements with respect to future remediation and reclamation
activities, future mineral exploration, the estimation of mineral reserves and
mineral resources, the realization of mineral reserve and mineral resource
estimates, the timing of activities and the amount of estimated revenues and
expenses, the success of exploration activities, permitting time lines,
requirements for additional capital and sources and uses of funds.
Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events or results to
differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such
factors include, among others, risks related to actual results of remediation
and reclamation activities; actual results of exploration activities;
conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters as plans
continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and other commodities;
possible variations in ore bodies, grade or recovery rates; failure of plant,
equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour disputes and
other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining governmental
approvals or financing or in the completion of development activities. 


  
    Head
      Office 
    T. 604 633 4888 
  
      
     
  
    Alexco Resource Corp. 
    F. 604 633 4887 
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150 
     
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4 
     
  
    Canada