Alexco Resource Corp. - Exhibit 99.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com
   






 
News Release ALEXCO RESOURCE CORP. ANNOUNCES
CAD$30.8 MILLION BOUGHT DEAL 
  FINANCING 
December 7, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that it
has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters (the
“Underwriters”), pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on
a bought deal basis, pursuant to a short form prospectus, 3,750,000 common
shares (the “Common Shares”) of the Company at a price of CAD$8.20 per share for
gross proceeds of CAD$30,750,000 (the “Underwritten Offering”). In addition, the
Company will grant the Underwriter an over-allotment option, exercisable for a
period of up to 30 days after the closing of the Underwritten Offering, to
purchase from the Company up to an additional 562,500 common shares at CAD$8.20
per share to raise additional gross proceeds of up to CAD$4,612,500 (the
“Over-Allotment Option”, and together with the Underwritten Offering, the
“Offering”). 
The Underwriters will receive a cash commission of 6% of the
gross proceeds raised, and share purchase warrants entitling the Underwriters to
purchase, at a price of $8.50 per share within 12 months after closing of the
Offering, common shares of the Company equal to 4% of the aggregate number of
securities sold pursuant to the Offering. 
The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering to
fund project development and ongoing exploration activities, and for general
corporate purposes. 
Closing of the Offering is anticipated to occur on or before
December 23, 2010 and is subject to certain conditions including, but not
limited to, the completion of satisfactory due diligence by the Underwriter and
the receipt of applicable regulatory approvals including approval of the Toronto
Stock Exchange and the NYSE Amex. 
This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of any of the Common
Shares in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be
unlawful. The Common Shares have not been and will not be registered under the
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") or
any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United
States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S
under the U.S. Securities Act) unless registered under the U.S. Securities Act
and applicable state securities laws or pursuant to an exemption from such
registration requirements. 
About Alexco 
Alexco's business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company's core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain
forward-looking information concerning the Company's anticipated results and
developments in the Company's operations in future periods, planned exploration
and development of its properties, plans related to its business or financings
and other matters that may occur in the future, made as of the date of this
press release. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to,
statements with respect to future remediation and reclamation activities, future
mineral exploration, the estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources,
the realization of mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of
activities and the amount of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of
exploration activities, permitting time lines, requirements for additional
capital and sources and uses of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to
a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which
could cause actual events or results to differ from those expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, risks
related to actual results of remediation and reclamation activities; actual
results of exploration activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes
in project parameters as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold,
silver and other commodities; possible variations in ore bodies, grade or
recovery rates; failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as
anticipated; accidents, labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry;
and delays in obtaining governmental approvals or financing or in the completion
of development activities. 

  
    
      Head
        Office 
      T.
        604 633 4888 
    
    
        
       
    
    
      Alexco Resource Corp. 
      F. 604 633 4887 
    
    
      200 Granville Street, Suite 1150 
       
    
    
      Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4 
       
    
    
      Canada