Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems Inc.


News Release


Ballard Completes Factory Testing of Utility-Scale PEM Fuel Cell-Powered Generator


VANCOUVER, CANADA, July 27, 2010 – Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) today announced
the successful completion, during second quarter, of factory testing of a utility-scale distributed
generation system using the company’s proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cells. Installation and
commissioning of the system for a multi-year demonstration at FirstEnergy Generation Corp’s
Eastlake Plant in Ohio is planned for third quarter of this year. FirstEnergy Generation Corp. is a
subsidiary of Akron, Ohio-based FirstEnergy Corp. (NYSE: FE).


Ballard designed the generator to provide clean energy peaking capacity, which is particularly
useful during heavy energy demand periods in the summer months, and tested the generator to a power
level of one megawatt. Because fuel cells use hydrogen to produce electricity – with heat and water
as by-products – this technology is a more environmentally-friendly means of generating power than
diesel or coal alternatives. In addition, the Ballard generator is transportable so it can be
relocated to other sites on a seasonal basis.


“We are pleased to have passed this key customer milestone,” said Michael Goldstein, Ballard’s
Chief Commercial Officer. “Once commissioned, this will be an important ‘first’ for us, meeting a
key 2010 Ballard growth milestone and further demonstrating the benefits of fuel cell systems for
clean distributed generation applications in the energy sector.”


It is believed that, when the generator is commissioned and operating at the FirstEnergy Generation
Corp. facility, it will be the largest PEM fuel cell generator deployed worldwide.

About Ballard Power Systems


Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) provides clean energy fuel cell products enabling
optimized power systems for a range of applications. To learn more about Ballard, please visit
www.ballard.com.





     
     
     





    Further Information
Investor Relations: Lori Rozali
Work: +1.604.412.3195
investors@ballard.com

     
    
Public Relations:Guy McAree
Work: +1.604.412.7919
media@ballard.com