Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com








 
 
 
 
News Release 
ALEXCO ISSUED TYPE A WATER USE LICENCE, SETS PLANS TO
COMMENCE SILVER PRODUCTION AT KENO HILL 
August 23, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is pleased to report that the
Yukon Water Board has issued a Type A Water Use Licence for Alexco’s wholly
owned Bellekeno mine and mill project, located within the Keno Hill Silver
District in Canada’s Yukon Territory. The Water Use Licence is the final permit
required by Alexco to commence commercial mine operations and concentrate
production from the Bellekeno mill, currently approaching construction
completion. 
The issuance of Water Licence QZ09-092 completes the detailed
environmental assessment and permitting process for Alexco’s first producing
mine in the Keno Hill Silver District. Clynt Nauman, President and CEO of
Alexco, stated: “The issuance of this Water Licence clears the way for
initiation of commercial operations at the Bellekeno mine and marks the first
step in the rejuvenation of mine operations in the historic Keno Hill Silver
District. To that end, the successful and timely permitting of mine operations
at Bellekeno underscores our confidence in establishing a comprehensive plan for
future development within the District.” 
Bellekeno Mine Project 
The Bellekeno mine construction project remains on schedule for
completion and initiation of commissioning within the next six weeks (see news
release dated November 11, 2009 entitled “Alexco Completes Positive Bellekeno
Mine Development Plan, Silver Wheaton Concurs – Initiation of Construction
Approved”). Through the end of July 2010, Alexco has incurred approximately
$24.9 million, or 60%, of the $41.6 million of construction and development
capital estimated to achieve commercial production under the original
Development Plan. As of the current date, physical mine development is
approximately 81% complete and physical mill construction is approximately 68%
complete. 
Once in production, the Bellekeno mine will operate at 250
tonnes per day supplying feed to a conventional flotation mill, producing up to
12,000 tonnes of lead-silver concentrate and 8,400 tonnes of zinc concentrate
annually and generating up to 2.8 million ounces of silver per year. Initial
silver grades in 2010 and 2011 are expected to be approximately 1,000 grams per
tonne. The mine and mill operations will employ approximately 120 people and are
expected to directly invest more than $25 million annually for labour, materials
and supplies in the Yukon. 
As disclosed in the news release of November 11, 2009, the
Bellekeno deposit contains an indicated resource estimated at 401,000 tonnes
grading 921 grams per tonne silver, 9.4% lead and 6.5% zinc, of which 321,941
tonnes containing an estimated 871 grams per tonne silver, 9.5% lead and 5.6%
zinc on a payable metals basis are included in the initial mine plan. The
deposit remains open down dip and down plunge, and underground definition and exploration drilling to
expand the mineable resource is currently underway in parallel with mine
development activities. 


  
    
    Head Office 
    
    
    T.
      604 633 4888  
  
    Alexco Resource Corp.  
    F. 604 633 4887  
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150  
       
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4  
       
  
    Canada  
       




 
 
 
 
Keno Hill Silver District History 
Between 1921 and 1988, the Keno Hill Silver District produced
more than 217 million ounces of silver with average grades of 40.5 ounces per
ton silver, 5.6% lead and 3.1% zinc (Yukon Government's Minfile database). The
historical production grades would rank Keno Hill in the top 3% by grade of
today's global silver producers. The Keno Hill district is the second-largest
historical silver producer in Canada. 
About Alexco 
Alexco’s business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company’s core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com or visit the Company’s website at
www.alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain forward-looking
information concerning the Company’s anticipated results and developments in the
Company’s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of
its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur
in the future, made as of the date of this press release. Forward-looking
statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to
future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral exploration, the
estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the realization of mineral
reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of activities and the amount
of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of exploration activities,
permitting time lines, requirements for additional capital and sources and uses
of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events
or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, among others, risks related to actual results
of remediation and reclamation activities; actual results of exploration
activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters
as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and other
commodities; possible variations in ore bodies, grade or recovery rates; failure
of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour
disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining
governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development
activities. 
 
Page 2 of 2