A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. to Hold Annual General Meeting of
      Shareholders
in Shenyang on Wednesday, October 27, 2010
      
       
      Shenyang, China, October 5,
2010 – A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (Nasdaq: APWR) (“A-Power”
or the “Company”), a leading provider of distributed power generation systems in
China and a fast-growing
manufacturer of wind turbines, today announced that it will hold its 2010 annual
general meeting of shareholders at the Company’s offices at No. 44 Jingxing
North Street, 12th Floor, Tiexi District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province, China
110021, at 9 a.m. Beijing time on Wednesday, October 27, 2010, or 9 p.m.
Eastern Daylight Time on Tuesday, October 26, 2010. The shareholder record
date is Monday, September 20, 2010.
       
      A-Power
has filed its annual report on Form 20-F, including its audited financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). A-Power’s Form 20-F can be
accessed on the Investor Relations section of the Company’s Website at
http://apowerenergy.investorroom.com/index.php?s=127 as well as on the SEC’s
Website at http://www.sec.gov. The notice of the annual general meeting of
shareholders and the proxy statement related to the meeting are available
through the Company’s Website at http://investor.apowerenergy.com. Shareholders
may request a hard copy of A-Power's Form 20-F for the year ended December 31,
2009 free of charge by making any such requests to the Chief Operating Officer
of A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd., No. 44 Jingxing North Street, Tiexi
District, Shenyang, Liaoning, China 110021..
       
      About
A-Power
       
      A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is a leading provider of distributed power generation systems in
China and is expanding into the production of alternative power generation
systems. Focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly DG projects
of 25MW to 400MW, A-Power also operates one of the largest wind turbine
manufacturing facilities in China and in March 2009, entered into an agreement
to establish a partnership with W2E Wind To Energy GmbH to produce wind turbine
gearboxes in Shenyang, Liaoning Province.  It also acquired Evatech, a
designer and manufacturer of industrial equipment for amorphous-silicon (a-Si)
photovoltaic (PV) panels, in 2010.
      
      In
addition to the establishment of strategic relationships with the world's
leading wind energy design and engineering companies, A-Power has formed joint
research programs with Tsinghua University and the China Academy of Sciences to
develop and commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more
information, please visit http://www.apowerenergy.com .
      
       
      Safe Harbor
Statement  
       
      This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "may", "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future,"
"intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements.
Statements that are not historical facts, including statements relating to
anticipated future earnings, margins, and other operating results, future
growth, construction plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and
entry into expanded markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements, based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management,
are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to
differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited
to, the risk that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our
operating results in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience
construction, manufacturing and development delays on our projects which could
adversely affect our financial condition and operating results; our limited
operating history and recent entrance into new lines of business and
jurisdictional markets may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business
and future prospects; we may not be able to successfully develop our business in
new jurisdictional markets, which would have a negative impact on the results of
our operations derived from such new jurisdictional markets; our customers may
not be able to obtain the financing required for these projects, and thus, we
may not be able to derive revenues from such agreements, as well as other
relevant risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including those set forth in our annual report filed on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. The information set forth herein
should be read in light of such risks. We assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this press release, except as required under applicable
law. 
       
      
        
           

        
        
           

          
            
          
        
        
           

        
      
      For
more information, please contact:
      
      A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
      John S.
Lin
      Chief
Operating Officer
      Email:
john@apowerenergy.com
      
      ICR,
LLC.
      Mr. Bill
Zima
      Phone:
+1-203-682-8233
      Email:
Bill.zima@icrinc.com