Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
     
    
      
      
      
      A-Power
Signs License Agreement with W2E Technologies
      
      
      Shenyang, China, January 5, 2010 --
A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (NASDAQ: APWR) ("A-Power"), a
leading provider of distributed power generation (“DG”) systems in China and a
fast-growing manufacturer of wind turbines, today announced it has signed a
technology license agreement with W2E Technologies GmbH ("W2E Technologies") to
manufacture, operate, service and sell T8x 2.0 MW wind turbines.
      
      Under the
license agreement, W2E Technologies granted A-Power an exclusive right to
manufacture, operate, service and sell T8x 2.0 MW wind turbines in China and the
United States starting in January 2010. In addition, A-Power has obtained
non-exclusive rights to market T8x products outside of China and the United
States. No other details of the agreement were disclosed.
      
      About
A-Power
       
      A-Power
Energy Generation Systems Ltd. ("A-Power"), through its China-based operating
subsidiaries, is the largest provider of distributed power generation systems in
China, focusing on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly projects of
25MW to 400MW. In 2008, A-Power entered the wind energy market and has built
China's largest wind turbine manufacturing facility, located in Shenyang,
Liaoning Province, with a total annual production capacity of 1,125MW. In March
2009, A-Power entered into an agreement to establish a Joint Venture partnership
with GE Drivetrain Technologies to produce wind turbine gearboxes in Shenyang.
In addition to the establishment of strategic relationships with world’s leading
wind energy design and engineering companies, A-Power has formed joint research
programs with Tsinghua University and the China Academy of Sciences to develop
and commercialize other renewable energy technologies. For more information,
please visit http://www.apowerenergy.com.
       
      About
W2E (Wind to Energy) Technologies
       
      W2E
Technologies was established in 2003 by six specialists in the wind energy
industry. The company abstained from establishing its own production line and
instead focused on the development and certification of wind turbines and
bringing them to a stage ready for production. The turbines developed by W2E are
manufactured and distributed by Fuhrlander AG. W2E Technologies is headquartered
in Rostock, Germany with offices in the United States, which is in charge of the
North American market. For additional information, please visit
www.wind-to-energy.de.
       
      
        
           
        
        
           
          
            
          
        
        
           
        
      
       
      Safe
Harbor Statement
       
      This
press release may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statement is made
within the 'safe harbor' provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by
terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "estimates," and other similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts, including statements relating to anticipated future
earnings, margins, and other operating results, future growth, construction
plans and anticipated capacities, production schedules and entry into expanded
markets are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, based
upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the risk
that: inclement weather conditions could adversely affect our operating results
in particular quarters and/or fiscal years; we may experience construction,
manufacturing and development delays on our projects which could adversely
affect our financial condition and operating results; our limited operating
history and recent entrance into new jurisdictional markets may make it
difficult for you to evaluate our business and future prospects; we may not be
able to successfully develop our business in new jurisdictional markets, which
would have a negative impact on the results of our operations derived from such
new jurisdictional markets; our customers may not be able to obtain the
financing required for these projects, and thus, we may not be able to derive
revenues from such agreements, as well as other relevant risks detailed in our
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth
in our annual report filed on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2008. The information set forth herein should be read in light of such risks. We
assume no obligation to update the information contained in this press release,
except as required under applicable law.
      
       
      Contact:
       
      
      John S.
Lin
      Chief
Operating Officer
      A-Power
Energy Generation Systems
      john@apowerenergy.com
      
      Dixon
Chen
      Investor
Relations
      Grayling
      +1-646-284-9403
      dixon.chen@us.grayling.com