exhibit99_cert1.htm





    Form 52-109F2Certification of interim filings - full certificate 
     
    I, Tony Guglielmin, Chief Financial Officer of Ballard Power Systems
Inc., certify the
following: 
     
    
      

            1.       
            
              Review: I have reviewed the interim financial
      statements and interim MD&A (together, the "interim filings") of
      Ballard Power Systems
      Inc. (the "issuer")
      for the interim period ended June 30, 2010. 
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            2.
            No
      misrepresentations: Based on my knowledge, having exercised
      reasonable diligence, the interim filings do not contain any untrue
      statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
      be stated or that is necessary to make a statement not misleading in light
      of the circumstances under which it was made, with respect to the period
      covered by the interim filings. 
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            3.
            
              Fair
      presentation: Based on my knowledge, having exercised
      reasonable diligence, the interim financial statements together with the
      other financial information included in the interim filings fairly present
      in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
      and cash flows of the issuer, as of the date of and for the periods
      presented in the interim filings. 
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            4.
            
              Responsibility:
      The issuer’s
      other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
      maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (DC&P) and internal
      control over financial reporting (ICFR), as those terms are defined in
      National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’
      Annual and Interim Filings, for the issuer. 
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            5.
            
              Design: Subject to the limitations, if any,
      described in paragraphs 5.2 and 5.3, the issuer’s other certifying
      officer(s) and I have, as at the end of the period covered by the interim
      filings 
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (a)       
            
              designed
      DC&P, or caused it to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance that
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
            
            (i)       
            
              material
      information relating to the issuer is made known to us by others,
      particularly during the period in which the interim filings are being
      prepared; and 
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
            
            (ii)
            
              information
      required to be disclosed by the issuer in its annual filings, interim
      filings or other reports filed or submitted by it under securities
      legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
      time periods specified in securities legislation; and
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
              designed ICFR,
      or caused it to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
      assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
      external purposes in accordance with the issuer’s GAAP.
      
            
          
    
     
    
    
    
    
      

            5.1
            
              Control framework:
      The control
      framework the issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I used to design
      the issuer’s ICFR is the Internal Control – Integrated Framework
      issued by the Committee of Sponsorship Organizations of the Treadway
      Commission. 
            
          
            
            
             
          
            5.2
            
              N/A. 
            
          
            
            
             
          
            5.3
            
              N/A. 
            
          
            
            
             
          
            6.       
            
              Reporting changes in
      ICFR: The issuer has disclosed in its interim
      MD&A any change in the issuer’s ICFR that occurred during the period
      beginning on April 1, 2010 and ended on June 30, 2010 that has materially affected, or is
      reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer’s
  ICFR.
            
          
    
     
    Date:
_______________________, 2010 
     
     
    
      

            
              “Tony Guglielmin”

            
            
            
          
            
              Tony Guglielmin
            
            
            
          
            
              Chief Financial
      Officer
    
            
            
            
          
    
     
    2