Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com
   






Alexco Resource Corp. Management’s Discussion and
Analysis For Period Ended September 30, 2010 
General 
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) of
Alexco Resource Corp. (“Alexco” or the “Corporation”) is dated November 10, 2010
and provides an analysis of Alexco’s unaudited interim consolidated financial
results for the three month periods ended September 30, 2010 (“F2011-Q1”)
compared to the same period in the previous year (“F2010-Q1”). 
The following information should be read in conjunction with
the Corporation’s September 30, 2010 unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements with accompanying notes (“F2011-Q1 Interim F/S”) and with the
Corporation’s audited consolidated financial statements with accompanying notes
and related MD&A for the year ended June 30, 2010, which were prepared in
accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (“Canadian
GAAP”). All dollar figures are expressed in Canadian dollars unless otherwise
stated. The accounting policies have been consistently followed in preparation
of these consolidated financial statements as outlined in the Corporation’s June
30, 2010 audited consolidated financial statements, subject to the effects if
any of the adoption of new accounting standards as outlined in the F2011-Q1
Interim F/S. These documents and additional information on the Corporation are
available on the Corporation’s website at www.alexcoresource.com or on SEDAR at
www.sedar.com. 
Except where specifically indicated otherwise, technical
information included in this MD&A regarding Alexco’s mineral properties has
been prepared by or under the supervision of Stan Dodd, L.Geo., Vice President,
Exploration for Alexco and a Qualified Person as defined by National Instrument
43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (“NI 43-101”). 
Overall Performance 
As of the end of F2011-Q1, Alexco achieved a key milestone in
its development as an operating company with completion of the development and
construction of the Bellekeno underground mine and ore processing facility,
located in the Keno Hill silver district in Canada’s Yukon Territory. As
announced in the news release dated September 29, 2010 entitled “Alexco
Completes Construction at Bellekeno Mine on Schedule – Initiates Mill
Commissioning”, construction of the 400 tonne per day conventional flotation
concentrator and preproduction development of the underground mine was completed
on schedule and within 3% of budget, and mill commissioning has been initiated.
Alexco anticipates that Bellekeno’s commissioning and production ramp-up phase
will be completed and commercial production formally declared to have been
achieved by approximately the end of calendar 2010, being the end of the second
quarter of the Corporation’s 2011 fiscal year. 
Alexco’s calendar 2010 exploration program remained ongoing
through the quarter as well at its Keno Hill properties. Major areas of focus
for the program include the historical mine areas of Silver King, Lucky Queen,
Onek and Flame and Moth as well as “new” target areas including the McQuesten
valley. As at September 30, 2010, approximately 16,000 meters had been drilled
from surface under the 2010 program, with drilling expected to continue until
early December depending primarily on weather conditions. Results from the 2010
program were released in October, pertaining to the Onek property, and further
results from the program will be released over the course of the coming months.

In its environmental consulting services business, Alexco
recognized revenues of $1,653,000 during F2011-Q1 compared to $1,512,000 in
F2010-Q1. Gross profit for F2011-Q1 was $473,000 for a margin of 28.6%, broadly
comparable to a gross profit in F2010-Q1 of $479,000 for a margin of 31.6% .

The Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents, including short
term restricted cash and deposits, at September 30, 2010 totaled $15,857,000
compared to $27,615,000 at June 30, 2010, while net working capital totaled
$7,274,000 compared to $20,669,000 for the same dates respectively.
Substantially all of the decrease in cash and cash equivalents and net working
capital is attributable to expenditures on the 2010 exploration program within
the Keno Hill district, as well as the impact of short term timing differences
between the accrual of expenditures pertaining to the development and
construction of the Bellekeno mine and the draw-down of Silver Wheaton Corp.
(“Silver Wheaton”) deposit funds as finance for those expenditures. As at
September 30, 2010, a total of US$16,692,000 of such deposit funds remained to
be drawn down, of which US$6,306,000 was drawn down in October 2010 and the balance is expected to be drawn down through the remainder of
the Bellekeno mine commissioning and ramp-up period. 
- 1 - 


Results of Operations 
Keno Hill Silver District 
Substantially all of the Corporation’s exploration and
development activities during the three months ended September 30, 2010 have
been conducted on its Keno Hill silver district properties. The Keno Hill silver
district is located in Yukon Territory approximately 330 kilometers north of
Whitehorse in the vicinity of the villages of Mayo and Keno City and lies within
the traditional territory of the First Nation of Na-Cho Nyak Dun (“FNNND”). The
Corporation is party to a comprehensive cooperation and benefits agreement with
the FNNND, setting out common understandings, obligations and opportunities
arising from all of the Corporation’s activities within the Keno Hill district
including exploration, care and maintenance, district closure activities and
mine production. 
The Corporation’s Keno Hill properties consist of approximately
24,300 hectares of mining leases, quartz claims and crown grants containing
numerous occurrences of mineral deposits and prospects, including over 35
historical mines. The Yukon Government's published Minfile database states that
between 1941 and 1989, the Keno Hill district produced more than 217 million
ounces of silver with average grades of 40.52 ounces per ton silver, 5.62% lead
and 3.14% zinc. Mine operations closed down in 1989 when the former owner,
United Keno Hill Mines Limited, put the district on care and maintenance in the
face of rising costs and environmental regulatory pressures. The majority of the
Corporation’s mineral property interests within the Keno Hill district were
acquired in 2006 by way of a purchase of assets from the interim receiver of
United Keno Hill Mines Limited and its subsidiary, UKH Minerals Limited
(collectively, “UKHM”). The Corporation’s mineral interest holdings in the Keno
Hill district are comprised of a number of properties, including but not limited
to Bellekeno, Onek, Silver King, Lucky Queen, McQuesten and the historical Elsa
tailings. 
Bellekeno Property 
As announced in the news release dated September 29, 2010
entitled “Alexco Completes Construction at Bellekeno Mine on Schedule –
Initiates Mill Commissioning”, construction of the 400 tonne per day
conventional flotation concentrator and preproduction development of the
Bellekeno underground mine was completed by the end of F2011-Q1, on schedule and
within 3% of budget, and mill commissioning has been initiated. 
Development and construction of the Bellekeno mine and mill was
initiated in November 2009, based on a Development Plan outlining a project with
a pre-tax net present value to Alexco of $31.9 million at 8% per annum over an
initial mine life of approximately four years, determined on metal prices of
US$15.16 per ounce for silver, US$996 per ounce for gold, US$0.72 per pound for
lead and US$0.85 per pound for zinc and a USD/CAD exchange rate of $0.92, and
incorporating the terms of the silver purchase agreement with Silver Wheaton
(see news release of November 11, 2009 entitled “Alexco Completes Positive
Bellekeno Mine Development Plan, Silver Wheaton Concurs – Initiation of
Construction Approved”). Mining and milling operations will be carried out
year-round at a base-plan production rate of 250 tonnes per day, with mining
carried out by a mining contractor using predominantly cut-and-fill mining
methods augmented with some minor shrink stoping to optimize high grade
mineralization extraction and reduce dilution. 
As of September 30, 2010, it was estimated that the
construction and development costs for the Bellekeno mine will total
approximately $43.4 million, including a remaining contingency amount of
approximately $821,000. Approximately $7.4 million of these costs were funded by
Alexco, and the remainder are being funded through the US$35 million deposit
amount being paid by Silver Wheaton under its silver purchase agreement with
Alexco (an additional US$15 million deposit amount having been received from
Silver Wheaton prior to the initiation of construction). These Silver Wheaton
funds are being received on a monthly draw-down basis subject to certain
conditions including Alexco having sufficient committed funds available to
complete construction and achieve production within specified time frames. 
The Yukon Government issued a Quartz Mining License for the
Bellekeno mine in November 2009. The Corporation’s application for a Type A
Water Use Licence was then submitted and declared adequate by the Yukon Water
Board, and a public hearing was held in June 2010. A Type A Water Use Licence
for Bellekeno was issued in August 2010, clearing the mine for the commencement
of commercial operation. 
- 2 - 


Other Keno Hill District Properties 
In March 2010, Alexco initiated its calendar 2010 exploration
program at its Keno Hill properties. Major areas of focus for the 2010 surface
program are the Silver King, Lucky Queen, Onek and Flame and Moth historical
mine areas, as well as new targets within the district that are not directly
associated with former mines and have been identified as a result of work done
on regional stratigraphy and correlation of structural observations. As of
September 30, 2010, approximately 16,000 meters had been drilled under this
program, and drilling remained ongoing. The 2010 surface exploration program
costs are being funded by the proceeds from the $9.5 million flow-through
financing completed in December 2009. Separately, a program of further
exploration drilling was initiated underground at Bellekeno to further expand
the Bellekeno mineable resources, and as of September 30, 2010 approximately
3,000 meters had been drilled under this program with particular focus on the
lower Bellekeno East Zone inferred resource. 
Results from the ongoing 2010 surface exploration program
included a release by Alexco in October, pertaining to drilling on the Onek
property, in a news release dated October 6, 2010 entitled “Alexco Intersects
10.4 Meters of 44.3 Ounce Per Ton Silver, Expands Onek Zinc-Silver Deposit at
Keno Hill” and followed by a news release dated November 1, 2010 entitled
“Alexco Receives Balance of Assays from Onek Zinc–Silver deposit; Indium
Association Confirmed”. The current program has confirmed that significant
widths of indium-bearing zinc-silver and silver-zinc mineralization at Onek
extends at least 400 meters along strike, 220 meters down dip, and remains open
to the southwest and down plunge. Although not yet drilled off, the Onek deposit
is emerging as a distinctly zoned body, with high silver grades in the upper
portion of the deposit and zinc-indium rich mineralization at depth. Onek is
located approximately 1.5 kilometers northwest of the Bellekeno mine, and
approximately 1 kilometer from the newly completed ore processing mill. 
Further results from the 2010 surface exploration program are
expected to be released over the course of the coming months, as the balance of
the program is completed and as assay results are received, analyzed and
compiled. 
Consulting Services 
Under its Alexco Environmental Group division (“AEG”), the
Corporation operates an environmental consulting business providing a range of
services to the mining industry and other clients. Through its wholly owned
subsidiaries, Access Mining Consultants Ltd. (“Access”), Alexco Resource U.S.
Corp. and, with respect to services provided in the Keno Hill district, Elsa
Reclamation & Development Company Ltd. (“ERDC”), the Corporation provides
management of the regulatory and environmental permitting process, environmental
assessments and reclamation and closure planning. The Corporation also owns
certain patent rights allowed and pending related to mine reclamation and
closure processes including the in situ immobilization of metals in groundwater,
soils, waste stacks and pit lakes. 
The AEG operating results in the first quarter of fiscal 2011
were broadly comparable to those of the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Revenues
totaled $1,653,000 during F2011-Q1 compared to $1,512,000 during F2010-Q1. Gross
profit for F2011-Q1 was $473,000 for a margin of 28.6%, compared to a gross
profit in F2010-Q1 of $479,000 for a margin of 31.6% . The decline in care and
maintenance revenues between these periods under the Subsidiary Agreement (see
below) was more than offset by increased revenues realized both from additional
services provided to Government within the Keno Hill district and from services
provided to AEG’s private sector clients. 
As part of the Corporation’s acquisition of its original
property interests in the Keno Hill district, ERDC entered into an agreement
(the “Subsidiary Agreement”) with the Government of Canada and the Government of
Yukon (collectively, “Government”). Under the Subsidiary Agreement, ERDC is
retained by Government as a paid contractor responsible on a continuing basis
for the environmental care and maintenance and ultimate closure reclamation of
the former UKHM properties. The Subsidiary Agreement provides that ERDC is
responsible for the development of the ultimate closure reclamation plan for
fees of 65% of agreed commercial contractor rates, and this plan development is
currently ongoing. Upon acceptance and regulatory approval, the closure
reclamation plan will be implemented by ERDC at full negotiated contractor
rates. During the period required to develop the plan, ERDC is also responsible
for carrying out the environmental care and maintenance at various sites within
the UKHM properties, for a fixed annual fee adjusted each year for certain
operating and inflationary factors and determined on a site-by-site basis. The
portion of the annual fee amount so determined which is billable by ERDC in
respect of each site will reduce by 15% each year until all site-specific care
and maintenance activities have been replaced by closure reclamation activities;
provided however that should a closure reclamation plan be prepared but not
accepted and approved, the portion of annual fees billable by ERDC will revert
to 85% until the Subsidiary Agreement is either amended or terminated. ERDC
receives agreed commercial contractor rates when retained by government to
provide consulting services in the Keno Hill district outside the scope of care
and maintenance and closure reclamation planning under the Subsidiary Agreement.
- 3 - 


General, Administration and Corporate 
Excluding write-downs, general and administrative expenses
during the three months ended September 30, 2010 were $1,920,000 compared to
$1,396,000 in 2009, with the increase attributed primarily to increased
stock-based compensation expenses as well as higher professional fees. During
F2011-Q1, intangible assets were written down by $123,000, being the carrying
amount of a patent application the Corporation abandoned during the period. 
Interest income was $56,000 for F2011-Q1 compared to $8,000 in
F2010-Q1. Interest income varies by period depending on the Corporation’s
average balances of cash, cash equivalents and deposits on hand through the
period and on prevailing market yields on the bankers’ acceptances and term
deposits in which the Corporation’s funds are generally invested. 
Outlook 
With respect to Bellekeno and as discussed above, the mine
development and construction is now completed and mill commissioning has been
initiated. The Corporation anticipates that the commissioning and production
ramp-up phase will be completed and commercial production formally declared to
have been achieved by approximately the end of calendar 2010, being the end of
the second quarter of the Corporation’s 2011 fiscal year. The Corporation
generally expects commercial production will formally be declared at such time
as both mine and mill have sustained throughput rates averaging 250 tonnes of
ore per day over a 30 day period. 
With respect to the economic climate, prices for silver, lead
and zinc, being the primary metals found in the Bellekeno resource in particular
and within the Keno Hill district historically, have remained generally strong
through most of the past 12 months, and consensus analyst commodity price
forecasts remain cautiously optimistic. Spot prices as at the date of this
MD&A are approximately US$27.14 per ounce silver, US$1.17 per pound for lead
and US$1.14 per pound for zinc and the Canadian-US exchange rate is
approximately US$1.00 per CAD. Based on a consensus of recent analyst commodity
price forecasts, over the next two calendar years silver prices are forecast to
average in the range of US$20.00 to US$28.00 per ounce, lead prices are forecast
to be in the range of US$0.95 to US$1.00 per pound and zinc prices are forecast
to be approximately US$1.00 per pound, with the Canadian-US exchange rate
forecast at approximately US$0.97 per CAD. These forecasts generally compare
favourably to the assumptions contained in the Development Plan. Nonetheless,
the Corporation remains exposed to development risk with respect to Bellekeno,
particularly until commercial production has been formally declared and the
mine’s production ramp-up has been completed. Such risks include but are not
limited to adverse changes in the estimated capital (construction and
sustaining) and operating costs of the mine, local geotechnical risks in the
underground operation and the ability to achieve targeted recovery rates through
the ore processing mill. 
Under the 2010 Keno Hill exploration program, as of the date of
this MD&A a total of approximately 22,000 meters of drilling from surface
has been completed across the district and the program remains ongoing with
surface drilling expected to continue until early December, depending on
weather. Major areas of focus for the 2010 surface program are the Silver King,
Lucky Queen, Onek and Flame and Moth historical mine areas, as well as new
targets within the district that are not directly associated with former mines
and have been identified as a result of work done on regional stratigraphy and
correlation of structural observations. Results from the drilling carried out at
Onek have been released as discussed above, and results from the remainder of
the 2010 program are expected to be released over the coming months as the
balance of the program is completed and as assay results are received, analyzed
and compiled. Separately, exploration drilling with respect to the Bellekeno
underground program has totaled approximately 4,200 meters to date with the
objective of expanding the Bellekeno mineable resources, with additional
follow-up drilling now being planned both from surface and underground. With
respect to the Elsa tailings project, Alexco is in the process of conducting
studies to assess tailings process alternatives and preliminary economics
including metallurgical recovery tests through Kappes Cassiday & Associates.

With respect to AEG, its consulting services division, the
Corporation remains engaged in the on-going environmental care and maintenance
program and reclamation and closure projects at Keno Hill under its contract
through ERDC with Government and in accordance with the Subsidiary Agreement,
and continues to service its private sector client base in the Yukon through
Access. AEG intends to continue expanding its environmental services activities,
both in the Yukon and Northwest Territories in Canada, and in the United States
and elsewhere through North and South America. AEG is seeking to leverage
increased activity in the mining sector coming from strong commodity prices,
particularly in the Yukon which is currently experiencing high growth in mineral
exploration and development but throughout the Americas as well. The Corporation notes,
however, that growth in AEG will at least partially be offset by continuing
declines in the revenue from its care and maintenance activities under the
Subsidiary Agreement during the period required to obtain acceptance and
regulatory approval from Government for the Keno Hill district closure
reclamation plan. 
- 4 - 


Summary of Quarterly Results 
Key financial information for the first quarter of the 2011
fiscal year as well as the quarters spanning the two most recent fiscal years is
summarized as follows, reported in thousands of dollars except for per share
amounts: 



  
    (unaudited) 
     
      
     
     
      
     
     
      
     
     
    Loss per Share 
     
     
    Expenditures on 
     
  
      
     
      
     
     
    Gross Profit 
     
     
      
     
     
    (Basic and Fully 
     
     
    Mineral 
     
  
    Period 
     
    Revenue 
     
     
    (Loss) 
     
     
    Net
      Loss 
     
     
    Diluted) 
     
     
    Properties 
     
  
      
     
      
     
     
      
     
     
      
     
     
      
     
     
      
     
  
    F2009-Q1 
     
    1,537 
     
     
    518 
     
     
    (659
    ) 
     
    ($0.02
    ) 
     
    6,287 
     
  
    F2009-Q2 
     
    1,557 
     
     
    258 
     
     
    (5,017
    ) 
     
    ($0.13
    ) 
     
    6,602 
     
  
    F2009-Q3 
     
    1,242 
     
     
    259 
     
     
    (1,730
    ) 
     
    ($0.04
    ) 
     
    5,589 
     
  
    F2009-Q4 
     
    1,482 
     
     
    (646
    ) 
     
    (2,167
    ) 
     
    ($0.05
    ) 
     
    6,467 
     
  
    F2009 Total 
     
    5,818 
     
     
    389 
     
     
    (9,573
    ) 
     
    ($0.24
    ) 
     
    24,945 
     
  
    F2010-Q1 
     
    1,512 
     
     
    479 
     
     
    (722
    ) 
     
    ($0.02
    ) 
     
    3,642 
     
  
    F2010-Q2 
     
    938 
     
     
    116 
     
     
    (1,449
    ) 
     
    ($0.03
    ) 
     
    1,867 
     
  
    F2010-Q3 
     
    1,281 
     
     
    743 
     
     
    (1,529
    ) 
     
    ($0.03
    ) 
     
    4,793 
     
  
    F2010-Q4 
     
    910 
     
     
    433 
     
     
    (1,519
    ) 
     
    ($0.03
    ) 
     
    9,391 
     
  
    F2010 Total 
     
    4,641 
     
     
    1,771 
     
     
    (5,219
    ) 
     
    ($0.11
    ) 
     
    19,693 
     
  
    F2011-Q1 
     
    1,653 
     
     
    473 
     
     
    (350
    ) 
     
    ($0.01
    ) 
     
    12,241 
     
The reduced gross margins in F2009-Q2 and F2009-Q4 include
estimated provisions recorded in those quarters for losses under the Subsidiary
Agreement contract of $120,000 and $1,030,000 respectively, and the increased
gross margin in F2010-Q3 includes a gain of $237,000 from a favourable
re-assessment of that estimated provision. The net losses of each of F2009-Q3
and F2010-Q3 reflect costs associated with the Corporation’s annual awards of
cash bonuses and incentive stock option grantings to its employees, including
resultant stock-based compensation expense recognitions of $507,000 and $671,000
respectively. The net loss in F2009-Q2 reflects the impact of increased
professional fees relating to the Silver Wheaton agreement and impairment
write-downs recorded that quarter of $852,000 in respect of intangible assets,
$2,430,000 in respect of the Brewery Creek mineral property and $917,000 in
respect of goodwill, partially offset by future income tax recoveries totaling
$931,000. The increased mineral property expenditures in F2009-Q1 through
F2009-Q4 reflects the commencement of development of the underground decline and
the initiation of the underground drill program at the Bellekeno property. The
increased mineral property expenditures in F2010-Q3 and Q4 and F2011-Q1 reflects
the progression of the construction and development phase of the Bellekeno mine
project, as well as the commencement of the calendar 2010 exploration program at
the Keno Hill properties. 
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
At September 30, 2010, the Corporation had cash and cash
equivalents, including short term restricted cash and deposits, of $15,857,000,
and net working capital of $7,274,000. In addition, at that date a total of
US$16,692,000 of the Silver Wheaton deposit funds remained to be drawn down, of
which US$6,306,000 was drawn down in October 2010 and the balance is expected to
be drawn down through the remainder of the Bellekeno mine commissioning and
ramp-up period. The Corporation has no investments in asset backed commercial
paper and faces no known liquidity issues in any of its investments. 
Cash used in operating activities was $2,071,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2010 versus $594,000 in 2009, with the difference
relating primarily to working capital timing differences. Cash used in investing
activities was $16,157,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2010, versus
$1,682,000 in 2009. Of the cash expended on investing activities in F2011-Q1,
approximately $13,595,000 pertained to Bellekeno mine development and
construction expenditures and another $3,696,000 pertained to exploration
activity in the Keno Hill district, with the balance attributed to timing
differences between the receipt and expenditure of Silver Wheaton deposit funds
which are recorded in restricted cash and deposits. 
- 5 - 


Under the silver purchase agreement with Silver Wheaton, the
Corporation is to receive deposit payments totaling US$50 million, plus a
further payment of the lesser of US$3.90 (increasing by 1% per annum after the
third year of full production) and the prevailing market price for each ounce of
silver delivered. The agreement also provides that prior to meeting an initial
completion test based on production throughput, all deposit payments received
from Silver Wheaton can only be expended on the development and construction of
the Bellekeno mine, being one of the Corporation’s Keno Hill district
properties. 
Under the agreement, the deposit balance is reduced on each
silver delivery by the excess of the prevailing market value of the silver
delivered over the per-ounce cash amount paid by Silver Wheaton at the time.
After the initial 40 year term of the agreement, the Corporation is required to
refund the balance of any deposit payments received and not yet reduced through
silver deliveries. The Corporation would also be required to refund the balance
of deposit payments received and not yet reduced if Silver Wheaton exercised its
right to terminate the agreement in an event of default by the Corporation,
which would include a failure to meet certain Bellekeno mine construction
milestones. The Corporation will be required to refund a pro-rata portion of the
balance of the deposit not yet reduced to the extent the Bellekeno mine has not
achieved production throughput of 400 tonnes of ore per day by December 31,
2013. 
An initial deposit payment under the agreement of US$15 million
(C$18,210,000) was received by the Corporation in December 2008 and recorded in
restricted cash and deposits. The remaining US$35 million is being paid on a
monthly draw-down basis to fund the Bellekeno mine infrastructure and ore
processing mill construction costs, subject to certain conditions including the
Corporation having sufficient committed funds available to complete construction
and achieve production within specified time frames. As of September 30, 2010, a
total of US$18,308,000 (C$18,812,000) of these remaining Silver Wheaton funds
had been received. A further US$6,309,000 has since been received since
September 30, 2010, as at the date of this MD&A. 
As of September 30, 2010, the Corporation’s contractual
commitments in respect of capital asset expenditures, primarily in respect of
the Bellekeno mine development and construction project, totaled approximately
$2,950,000. Also as of September 30, 2010, in respect of flow-through shares
issued in December 2009, the Corporation remained committed to incur further
renounceable exploration expenditures by December 31, 2010 totaling $3,139,000.

With its cash resources and net working capital on hand at
September 30, 2010, and combined with the remaining draw-down funds Alexco is
receiving from Silver Wheaton, the Corporation anticipates it will have
sufficient capital resources to carry out the remainder of its planned calendar
2010 exploration program and service the working capital requirements of its
consulting services business and its corporate offices and administration for at
least the next 12 month period, and to complete the construction and development
of, and achieve commercial production at, the Bellekeno mine. However, as with
any mine development project and as noted above under “Outlook”, the
construction and development of the Bellekeno mine involves significant inherent
risks that could result in material unanticipated capital costs to the
Corporation. Furthermore, as non-renewable resources, mines by their nature have
a finite life. Because of these factors, combined with its long term objectives
for the exploration and development of its mineral properties, the Corporation
may eventually require additional funding. 
The Corporation has historically obtained its main source of
funding from equity issuances, though will consider all sources of finance
reasonably available to it, including but not limited to issuance of new
capital, issuance of new debt and the sale of assets in whole or in part,
including mineral property interests. There can be no assurance of continued
access to finance in the future, and an inability to secure such finance may
require the Corporation to substantially curtail and defer its planned
exploration and development activities. 
Share Data 
As at the date of this MD&A, the Corporation has 54,004,605
common shares issued and outstanding. In addition, there are outstanding stock
options for a further 4,125,081 common shares. 
Use of Financial Instruments 
All of the Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents at September
30, 2010 were held in the form of demand deposits. The Corporation’s restricted
cash and deposits were held in the form of term deposits and demand deposits.
The Corporation’s only other financial instruments were its trade and other
accounts receivable and its accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
- 6 - 


All term deposits held at September 30, 2010 are included in
long term restricted cash, though as individual financial instruments they
carried initial maturity periods of one year or less. They have been classified
as investments held to maturity and accordingly are carried at amortized cost
using the effective interest method. Given their short term nature and low
investment risk, the Corporation has estimated that the carrying amounts of the
term deposits approximate their fair values. The carrying amounts of the
Corporation’s trade and other accounts receivable and accounts payable and
accrued liabilities are estimated to reasonably approximate their fair values.
The Corporation holds no derivative instruments, and has not employed any
hedging activities. The fair values of all of the Corporation’s financial
instruments measured at September 30, 2010 constitute Level 2 measurements
within the fair value hierarchy defined under Canadian GAAP. 
Substantially all of the Corporation’s cash, demand deposits
and term deposits are held with major financial institutions in Canada, and
management believes the exposure to credit risk with respect to such
institutions is not significant. Those financial assets that potentially subject
the Corporation to credit risk are primarily receivables, and the Corporation’s
maximum credit risk exposure in respect of its receivables is represented by
their carrying amount. Management actively monitors the Corporation’s exposure
to credit risk under its financial instruments, particularly with respect to
receivables, and has increased its focus on credit risk given the impact of the
current economic climate on its customer base. The Corporation considers the
risk of loss to be significantly mitigated due to the financial strength of the
Corporation’s major customers, which include government organizations as well as
substantial corporate entities. As at September 30, 2010, no material provision
had been recorded in respect of impaired receivables. 
The Corporation currently has only limited exposure through its
financial instruments to fluctuations in exchange rates between the Canadian and
US dollar as significantly all of its property, plant and equipment and mineral
properties are located, and significantly all of its revenue is earned, in
Canada. Should the Corporation be successful in its efforts to increase the
consulting services provided in the US market, its exposure through its
financial instruments to exchange rate risk would accordingly be increased. The
Corporation’s exposure through its financial instruments to exchange rate risk
will likely increase as it commences commercial production from the Bellekeno
mine, as while the mine’s operating costs will be primarily denominated in
Canadian dollars its revenues will be primarily denominated in US dollars. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
The Corporation has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
Related Party Transactions 
During the three months ended September 30, 2010, the
Corporation incurred $23,000 (2009 – $24,000) in respect of rent expenses for
office space under an agreement with Access Field Services, a company owned by
certain individuals who are, or were at the time, executive officers of the
Corporation and its subsidiary Access. At September 30, 2010, accounts payable
and accrued liabilities include $nil due to Access Field Services (June 30, 2010
– $5,400). 
These transactions were in the normal course of operations and
are measured at the exchange amount, which is the amount established and agreed
to by the related parties. The resulting accounts payable and accrued
liabilities are payable currently under normal third-party trade payable terms
and conditions. 
Critical Accounting Estimates 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
Canadian GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts and the valuation of assets and liabilities and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenditures during the
period reported. 
Management uses its best estimates for these purposes, based on
assumptions that it believes reflect the most probable set of economic
conditions and planned courses of action. With respect to assumptions regarding
commodity prices and exchange rates used in preparing the financial statements
during F2011-Q1, management has determined its best estimates of these items for
the current period based on consensus investment analyst forecasts, with
year-on-year pricing for silver ranging from US$16.50 to US$21.00 per ounce; for
gold ranging from US$1,000 to US$1,350 per ounce; for zinc ranging from US$0.85
to US$1.00 per pound; for lead ranging from US$0.70 to US$1.00 per pound; and
for the Canadian dollar ranging from US$0.96 to US$0.98. 
- 7 - 


The critical accounting estimates used in preparing the
Corporation’s financial statements are listed below. 
Mineral Properties 
The Corporation records its interests in mineral properties at
cost. Exploration and development expenditures relating to mineral properties
that the Corporation has acquired, or has the right to acquire, are deferred and
will be amortized against future production following commencement of commercial
production, or written off if the properties are sold, allowed to lapse, or
abandoned. Grassroots exploration expenditures, incurred prior to the
Corporation acquiring or obtaining the right to acquire a mineral property, are
expensed. 
Management of the Corporation reviews and evaluates the
carrying value of each mineral property for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the related asset may not be
recoverable. If the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis
are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized
and assets are written down to fair value which is normally determined using the
discounted value of future cash flows. Where estimates of future net cash flows
are not available and where other conditions suggest impairment, management
assesses whether carrying value can be recovered by considering alternative
methods of determining fair value. 
As at December 31, 2008, management undertook an impairment
review of the carrying amount of the Corporation’s mineral properties and as a
result the Brewery Creek property was written down to a nominal value of $1,000.

Upon completion of the Development Plan, management carried out
an impairment review of the carrying amount of the Bellekeno property, and based
on that review concluded that the carrying amount was not impaired. Management
also concluded that with respect to all of Alexco’s mineral properties, as at
September 30, 2010 there had been no events or changes in circumstances since
the last impairment review which indicated that any of their carrying amounts
may not be recoverable. Management’s estimates of mineral prices, mineral
resources, and operating, capital and reclamation costs are subject to
significant risks and uncertainties that may affect the determination of the
recoverability of mineral property carrying amounts. Although management has
used its best estimate of these factors, it is possible that material changes
could occur which may adversely affect management’s estimate of the net cash
flows to be generated from its properties. 
Asset Retirement Obligations 
The Corporation’s asset retirement obligations (“ARO”) relate
to expected reclamation and closure activities at its mineral properties. The
ARO are accreted to full value over time through periodic accretion charges.
Evaluations of the ARO at each mineral property are based on formal reviews
which are conducted by management annually at a minimum and otherwise upon the
occurrence of significant new events or changes in circumstances. The
Corporation prepares estimates of the timing and amount of expected cash flows
associated with its ARO, retaining independent advisors where considered
appropriate. The carrying amounts of its ARO are measured by discounting the
expected cash flows using an appropriate interest rate. 
At September 30, 2010, the Corporation’s ARO totaled
$1,980,000, comprised of $1,590,000 relating to reclamation and closure
activities to be performed at the end of the life of the Bellekeno mine, and
$390,000 relating to presently-ongoing reclamation and closure activities at the
Brewery Creek property including site reclamation and facilities removal and
post-closure monitoring. 
Approximately two thirds of the Brewery Creek ARO costs pertain
to post-closure monitoring expected to span roughly the next ten years, with the
balance pertaining to site reclamation and facilities removal expected to be
completed within the next two years. The Corporation has determined the Brewery
Creek ARO based on an evaluation report prepared by independent advisors. In
accordance with Canadian GAAP, the Corporation has used the various
classifications of probability within that report to determine the fair value of
the ARO. The report included identification of additional contingent mitigation
measures that might potentially be required, assessing the likelihood of such
measures being required as “possible”, “unlikely” or “very unlikely”. The ARO
recorded in respect of Brewery Creek at September 30, 2010 of $390,000
materially provides for all planned activities plus all contingent mitigation
measures with an assessed likelihood of “possible” and “unlikely”. In the highly
unlikely event that all identified contingent mitigation measures should be
required, including those with an assessed likelihood of “very unlikely”, this
Brewery Creek ARO would need to be increased to approximately $2.3 million. 
The Bellekeno ARO has been determined by the Corporation based
on the evaluations and estimations prepared internally and used in support of
the determination of the reclamation security posting requirements under the
operating permits issued by the Yukon Government for the
Bellekeno mine. The ARO recorded to September 30, 2010 reflects the obligation
relating to the stage of progress of the mine development and construction at
that time. Given that mine production has not commenced, the Corporation
considers it very unlikely that actual reclamation and closure activities
relating to that stage of progress would be materially greater than the ARO as
currently recorded. 
- 8 - 


Management’s determination of the Corporation’s ARO is based on
the reclamation and closure activities it anticipates as being required, the
additional contingent mitigation measures it identifies as potentially being
required and its assessment of the likelihood of such contingent measures being
required, and its estimate of the probable costs and timing of such activities
and measures. The making of such evaluations and estimates is subject to
significant inherent uncertainty. The future cash flows required to settle the
Corporation’s ARO may therefore vary materially from those anticipated by the
ARO currently recognized in its balance sheet, and periodic re-evaluations of
that ARO may result in material changes to its balance. 
Intangible Assets 
Intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated
amortization. Amortization for patents is calculated on a straight-line basis
over their estimated useful lives. The Corporation assesses the recoverability
of definite life intangible assets if there are indications of impairment. In
performing this analysis, management considers such factors as current results,
trends and future prospects, in addition to other economic and regulatory
factors. When the carrying value of an intangible asset is greater than its net
recoverable value as determined on an undiscounted basis, an impairment loss is
recognized to the extent that its fair value, measured as the discounted cash
flows over the life of the asset, is below the asset’s carrying value. Where
estimates of future net cash flows are not available and where other conditions
suggest impairment, management assesses whether carrying value can be recovered.

As at December 31, 2008, management undertook an impairment
review of the carrying amount of the Corporation’s intangible assets and as a
result the Corporation recognized write-downs of its intangible assets totaling
$852,000, of which $253,000 was in respect of its reclamation project assets and
$599,000 was in respect of its patent assets. 
During F2011-Q1, intangible assets were written down by
$123,000, being the carrying amount of a patent application the Corporation
abandoned during the period. As at September 30, 2010, management concluded that
there had been no events or changes in circumstances since the last impairment
review which indicated that the carrying amount of any of its other intangible
assets was impaired. Management’s estimates of the various factors affecting its
assessment of the recoverability of the carrying amount of its intangible assets
are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that may affect the
determination of that recoverability. Although management has used its best
estimate of these factors, it is possible that material changes could occur
which may adversely affect management’s estimate of the net cash flows to be
generated from its intangible assets. 
Revenue Recognition 
Revenue from all consulting services is recognized under the
proportional performance method based on an output appropriate to the particular
service contract, such as performance of agreed service deliverables, or
provision of billable hours under straight hourly bill contracts. Where the
Corporation commits to provide service deliverables under a fixed price
contract, estimated costs remaining to complete the contract are regularly
reviewed and full provision is made immediately for any anticipated loss.
Recognition of all revenue is subject to the provision that ultimate collection
be reasonably assured at the time of recognition. 
Under the terms of the Subsidiary Agreement, ERDC is
responsible for carrying out environmental care and maintenance activities at
various sites in the Keno Hill district during the period required to develop
and obtain acceptance and regulatory approval for the Keno Hill district closure
reclamation plan, for annual fees based on an annually-determined fixed fee
benchmark adjusted each year for certain operating and inflationary factors and
determined on a site-by-site basis. That the portion of the annually-determined
fee benchmark which is billable each year by ERDC in respect of each site will
reduce by 15% each year until all site-specific care and maintenance activities
have been replaced by closure reclamation activities. The total amount of
estimated care and maintenance fees over the remaining anticipated care and
maintenance period is recognized as revenue over that period on a straight-line
basis. The Corporation could incur significant costs over the period it
undertakes such care and maintenance activities, particularly if acceptance and
approval of the closure reclamation plan and commencement of reclamation
activities should be significantly delayed. 
- 9 - 


Each quarter, management reviews its estimates of when the care
and maintenance period will end, and the fees ERDC will bill and the care and
maintenance costs it will incur over the remainder of that period. During
F2011-Q1, the balance of the loss provision liability was increased by a total
of $282,000 as a result of a re-assessment of the costs estimated to be incurred
in meeting its future care and maintenance obligations under the Subsidiary
Agreement. The impact of this change has been reflected in consulting costs,
partially offset by a reversal of $100,000 due to favourable results realized
during the quarter. 
Stock Options and Warrants 
The Corporation accounts for stock options at fair value.
Compensation expense for options granted is determined based on estimated fair
values of the options at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. The cost is recognized over the vesting period of the respective
options and is capitalized to mineral properties and deferred exploration costs
for grants to individuals working directly on mineral projects. Warrants granted
are recorded at estimated fair values using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model. Determining the inputs required for option pricing models requires highly
subjective assumptions including the expected price volatility and the expected
life of the option or warrant. Changes in these subjective inputs can materially
affect the result, and therefore any such model does not necessarily provide a
reliable single measure of fair value. 
Future Income Taxes 
The Corporation uses the liability method of accounting for
income taxes. Under this method, current income taxes are recognized for the
estimated income taxes payable for the current year. Future income tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the tax and
accounting bases of assets and liabilities as well as for the benefit of losses
available to be carried forward to future years for tax purposes. Future income
tax assets are evaluated and if realization is not considered more likely than
not, a valuation allowance is estimated and recorded. 
Changes In and Initial Adoption of Accounting Policies

For interim and annual financial statements relating to its
fiscal year commencing July 1, 2011, the Corporation will be required to adopt
new Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants (“CICA”) Accounting Handbook
Section 1582 “Business Combinations”, Section 1601 “Consolidated
Financial Statements” and Section 1602 “Non-Controlling Interests”.
Handbook Section 1582 replaces existing Handbook Section 1581 “Business
Combinations”, and Handbook Sections 1601 and 1602 together replace Handbook
Section 1600 “Consolidated Financial Statements”. 
Handbook Sections 1582, 1601 and 1602 collectively require net
assets, non-controlling interests and goodwill acquired in a business
combination to be recorded at fair value and non-controlling interests to be
reported as a component of equity. In addition, the definition of a business is
expanded and is described as an integrated set of activities and assets that are
capable of being managed to provide a return to investors or economic benefits
to owners. Acquisition costs are not part of the consideration and are to be
expensed when incurred. The Corporation has not yet determined the effect if any
that the adoption of these new standards will have on its financial statements.

As discussed above (see “Outlook”), the Bellekeno mine
development and construction project is in the mill commissioning phase and the
Corporation anticipates that commercial production will commence by the end of
the second quarter of fiscal 2011. As this will be the first time the
Corporation’s business activities have included the operation of a producing
mine, upon the commencement of commercial production it will be required to
apply certain new accounting policies relevant to such new activities and make
certain new accounting estimates, some of which will be critical. 
Management anticipates the most significant new accounting
policy will be with respect to revenue recognition applicable to mine
production. Canadian GAAP does not allow a choice amongst different revenue
recognition policies, though the determination of the specific policy to be
applied under Canadian GAAP is dependent upon the specific terms by which mine
production is sold. Management will determine the specific revenue policies to
be applied at the time mine commissioning is completed and commercial production
is declared to have commenced, based on the terms of sale then in effect.
Management anticipates the most significant new accounting estimates will be
with respect to determining the date of commencement of commercial production;
determining the appropriate amortization basis for mine-related property, plant
and equipment; the appropriate depletion basis for the Bellekeno mineral
property carrying amount; and the determination of the asset retirement
obligation pertaining to the Bellekeno mine. 
- 10 - 


Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards

Under a pronouncement issued by the Canadian Accounting
Standards Board in February 2008, effective for its fiscal year commencing July
1, 2011 the Corporation will be required to adopt International Financial
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) in replacement of Canadian GAAP, including
restatement of amounts reported for comparative purposes. 
Management’s IFRS changeover plan comprises three phases. The
first is scoping and planning; the second is detailed assessment and evaluation;
and the third is implementation. Management has completed the first phase,
identifying and prioritizing areas of difference between Canadian GAAP and IFRS
that are expected to be significant for Alexco; completing a preliminary
evaluation of the expected impact on other key elements including information
technology and data systems, internal control over financial reporting,
disclosure controls and procedures, investor relations, financial reporting
personnel and training needs; and developing a project timeline for the
transition. The second phase of the plan is currently in progress, with
management now conducting detailed assessments and evaluations of the identified
areas of relevant accounting policy difference, including quantification of the
impact of such differences. Management is also developing detailed plans to
manage and mitigate the impact of changeover on the other key elements. The key
personnel involved in the development and execution of the changeover plan have
undergone training, and training plans are also being developed for key
personnel who will be involved in the implementation phase of the plan including
members of the Corporation’s audit committee and board of directors. With
respect to the remaining key elements, management has determined that the impact
of changeover is not likely to be significant, requiring only minor
modifications to those systems, controls and procedures. The Corporation is
currently substantially on track with its changeover project timeline. 
With respect to accounting policies, significant areas of
difference between Canadian GAAP and IFRS have been identified to date which are
likely or potentially significant to Alexco. While the quantitative impact of
these differences on the Corporation’s future financial position and results of
operations has not yet been determined, the differences in general are
summarized as follows. 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Under Canadian GAAP, the cost of items of property, plant and
equipment made up of significant separable component parts is allocated to the
component parts when practicable. Under IFRS (IAS 16), the cost of such items
must be allocated to their significant component parts, without consideration of
practicability, with each component part then depreciated separately. Such
componentization may result in changes to recorded depreciation charges. 
Asset Retirement Obligations 
Under Canadian GAAP, asset retirement obligations are measured
based on the fair value of future estimated retirement expenditures, with the
initial liability and any subsequent downward revisions of the future estimated
expenditures discounted using the historical credit-adjusted risk-free rate
effective at the time of original recognition. Subsequent upwards revisions of
the future estimated expenditures are discounted using the credit-adjusted
risk-free rate effective at the time of revision, creating a layering concept.
Under IFRS (IAS 37), at each reporting date such expenditures are discounted
using a rate that reflects then-current market assessments of the time value of
money and the risks specific to the liability, eliminating the layering concept.
This difference may result in changes to the Corporation’s recorded asset
retirement obligations at any given reporting date. 
Impairment of Assets 
Under IFRS (IAS 36), both the testing for impairment of assets
and the determination of impairment losses differ from Canadian GAAP. IFRS
removes the undiscounted cash flow test under Canadian GAAP for impairment
testing, and instead uses a one-step process comparing the carrying amount to
the greater of value in use based on discounted cash flows, and fair value less
costs to sell. An impairment loss is recorded for any shortfall. In addition,
under IFRS, subsequent reversals of impairment losses are recognized in the
periods the reversals occur. Under Canadian GAAP, subsequent reversal of
impairment losses is not permitted. These differences may result in changes to
the carrying amounts of the Corporation’s assets as well as its recorded
impairment losses, including the potential recording of impairment reversals.

Income Taxes 
Under IFRS (IAS 12), deferred income taxes, referred to as
future income taxes under Canadian GAAP, are not recognized for temporary
differences that arise from differences between the fair values and tax bases of
assets acquired in transactions other than a business combination.
Under Canadian GAAP, future income taxes are recognized for such temporary
differences and affect the carrying value of the related asset. These
differences may result in changes to the Corporation’s reported future income
tax assets and liabilities, as well as certain assets with carrying values
affected by such differences including deferred exploration and development
costs. 
- 11 - 


Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments

The recognition and measurement of financial instruments under
IFRS (IAS 39) differs from Canadian GAAP in certain respects, including no
allowance for a choice in the policy for accounting for transaction costs,
certain differences in when changes in carrying value are recognized through net
income versus other comprehensive income, and certain differences in the
circumstances under which embedded derivatives are recognized. These differences
could result in changes to the Corporation’s reported financial assets and
liabilities. 
IFRS 6, “Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral
Resources” 
With respect to the accounting for mineral resource exploration
and evaluation expenditures, the policies outlined under IFRS 6 are
substantially similar to those established under Canadian GAAP, including
allowing the Corporation the choice to either expense or capitalize such
expenditures so long as the chosen policy is consistently applied. Though
management’s evaluation of IFRS 6 remains ongoing as part of the second phase of
its changeover plan, at this time it is anticipated that the accounting policies
the Corporation will adopt under IFRS with respect to mineral resource
exploration and evaluation expenditures will be substantially similar to those
it currently applies under Canadian GAAP. 
First Time Adoption of IFRS 
Under IFRS 1, “First-time Adoption of International
Financial Reporting Standards”, entities adopting IFRS for the first time
are provided with a number of optional exemptions and mandatory exceptions, in
certain areas, to the general requirement for full retrospective application of
IFRS. As part of the second phase of its changeover plan, management is
currently analyzing the various optional exemptions available for the purpose of
determining which if any it will elect to apply upon the Corporation’s adoption
of IFRS. 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Internal control over financial reporting is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with the accounting principles under which the Corporation’s financial
statements are prepared. As required under Multilateral Instrument 52-109,
management advises that there have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent interim
period, being the three months ended September 30, 2010, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s
internal control over financial reporting. 
Risk Factors 
The following are major risk factors management has identified
which relate to the Corporation’s business activities. Such risk factors could
materially affect the Corporation's future financial results, and could cause
events to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements
relating to the Corporation. Though the following are major risk factors
identified by management, they do not comprise a definitive list of all risk
factors related to the Corporation's business and operations. Other specific
risk factors are discussed elsewhere in this MD&A. 
Exploration and Development 
Mineral exploration and development involves a high degree of
risk and few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into
producing mines. With respect to the Corporation’s properties, should any ore
reserves exist, substantial expenditures will be required to confirm ore
reserves which are sufficient to commercially mine, and to obtain the required
environmental approvals and permitting required to commence commercial
operations. Should any mineral resource be defined on such properties there can
be no assurance that the mineral resource on such properties can be commercially
mined or that the metallurgical processing will produce economically viable and
saleable products. The decision as to whether a property contains a commercial
mineral deposit and should be brought into production will depend upon the
results of exploration programs and/or technical studies, and the recommendations of duly qualified engineers and/or geologists,
all of which involves significant expense. This decision will involve
consideration and evaluation of several significant factors including, but not
limited to: (1) costs of bringing a property into production, including
exploration and development work, preparation of appropriate technical studies
and construction of production facilities; (2) availability and costs of
financing; (3) ongoing costs of production; (4) market prices for the minerals
to be produced; (5) environmental compliance regulations and restraints
(including potential environmental liabilities associated with historical
exploration activities); and (6) political climate and/or governmental
regulation and control. 
- 12 - 


The ability of the Corporation to sell, and profit from the
sale of any eventual production from any of the Corporation’s properties will be
subject to the prevailing conditions in the marketplace at the time of sale.
Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Corporation and therefore
represent a market risk which could impact the long term viability of the
Corporation and its operations. 
Figures for the Corporation's Resources are Estimates Based
on Interpretation and Assumptions and May Yield Less Mineral Production Under
Actual Conditions than is Currently Estimated 
In making determinations about whether to advance any of its
projects to development, the Corporation must rely upon estimated calculations
as to the mineral resources and grades of mineralization on its properties.
Until ore is actually mined and processed, mineral resources and grades of
mineralization must be considered as estimates only. Mineral resource estimates
are imprecise and depend upon geological interpretation and statistical
inferences drawn from drilling and sampling which may prove to be unreliable.
Alexco cannot be certain that: 

  reserve, resource or other mineralization estimates will be accurate; or
  mineralization can be mined or processed profitably. 
Any material changes in mineral resource estimates and grades
of mineralization will affect the economic viability of placing a property into
production and a property’s return on capital. The Corporation's resource
estimates have been determined and valued based on assumed future prices,
cut-off grades and operating costs that may prove to be inaccurate. Extended
declines in market prices for silver and other metals may render portions of the
Corporation’s mineralization uneconomic and result in reduced reported mineral
resources. 
Keno Hill District 
While the Corporation has conducted exploration activities in
the Keno Hill district, other than with respect to the Bellekeno property,
further review of historical records and additional exploration and geological
testing will be required to determine whether any of the mineral deposits it
contains are economically recoverable. There is no assurance that such
exploration and testing will result in favourable results. The history of the
Keno Hill district has been one of fluctuating fortunes, with new technologies
and concepts reviving the district numerous times from probable closure until
1989, when it did ultimately close down for a variety of economic and technical
reasons. Many or all of these economic and technical issues will need to be
addressed prior to the commencement of any future production on the Keno Hill
properties. 
Under the terms of the Subsidiary Agreement, ERDC is
responsible for carrying out environmental care and maintenance activities at
various sites in the Keno Hill district during the period required to develop
and obtain acceptance and regulatory approval for the Keno Hill district closure
reclamation plan, for annual fees based on an annually-determined fixed fee
benchmark adjusted each year for certain operating and inflationary factors and
determined on a site-by-site basis. The portion of the annually-determined fee
benchmark which is billable each year by ERDC in respect of each site will
reduce by 15% each year until all site-specific care and maintenance activities
have been replaced by closure reclamation activities. The Corporation could
incur significant costs over the period it undertakes such care and maintenance
activities, particularly if acceptance and approval of the closure reclamation
plan and commencement of reclamation activities should be significantly delayed.

Construction and Operation of the Bellekeno Mine 
The decision by the Corporation to proceed with the
construction and development of the Bellekeno mine was based on the Development
Plan, which included estimates for metal production and capital and operating
costs. Until mined and processed, no assurance can be given that such estimates
will be achieved. Failure to achieve these production and capital and operating
cost estimates or material increases in costs could have an adverse impact on
the Corporation’s future cash flows, profitability, results of operations and
financial condition. The Corporation’s actual production and capital and
operating costs may vary from estimates for a variety of reasons, including:
actual resources mined varying from estimates of grade, tonnage,
dilution and metallurgical and other characteristics; short-term operating
factors relating to the mineable resources, such as the need for sequential
development of resource bodies and the processing of new or different resource
grades; revisions to mine plans; risks and hazards associated with mining;
natural phenomena, such as inclement weather conditions, water availability,
floods and earthquakes; and unexpected labour shortages or strikes. Costs of
production may also be affected by a variety of factors, including changing
waste ratios, metallurgical grades, labour costs, commodity costs, general
inflationary pressures and currency rates. 
- 13 - 


Permitting and Environmental Risks and Other Regulatory
Requirements 
The current or future operations of the Corporation, including
development activities, commencement of production on its properties and
activities associated with the Corporation's mine reclamation and remediation
business, require permits or licenses from various federal, territorial and
other governmental authorities, and such operations are and will be governed by
laws, regulations and agreements governing prospecting, development, mining,
production, taxes, labour standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic
substances, land use, environmental protection, mine safety and other matters.
Companies engaged in the development and operation of mines and related
facilities and in mine reclamation and remediation activities generally
experience increased costs and delays as a result of the need to comply with the
applicable laws, regulations and permits. There can be no assurance that all
permits which the Corporation may require for the conduct of its operations will
be obtainable on reasonable terms or that such laws and regulations would not
have an adverse effect on any project which the Corporation might undertake,
including but not limited to the Bellekeno mine project. 
Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and
permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions including orders
issued by regulatory or judicial authorities causing operations to cease or be
curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures,
installation of additional equipment or remedial actions. Parties engaged in
mining operations or in mine reclamation and remediation activities may be
required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of such
activities and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed upon them
for violation of applicable laws or regulations. 
Amendments to current laws, regulations and permits governing
operations and activities of mining companies and mine reclamation and
remediation activities could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation.
As well, policy changes and political pressures within and on federal,
territorial and First Nation governments having jurisdiction over or dealings
with the Corporation could change the implementation and interpretation of such
laws, regulations and permits, also having a material adverse impact on the
Corporation. Such impacts could result in one or more of increases in capital
expenditures or production costs, reductions in levels of production at
producing properties or abandonment or delays in the development of new mining
properties. 
Environmental Consulting Services 
A material decline in the level of activity or reduction in
industry willingness to spend capital on mine reclamation, remediation or
environmental services could adversely affect demand for the Corporation's
consulting services. Likewise, a material change in mining product commodity
prices, the ability of mining companies to raise capital or changes in domestic
or international political, regulatory and economic conditions could adversely
affect demand for the Corporation's services. 
Two of the Corporation’s customers accounted for a combined 53%
of revenues in the 2010 fiscal year. The loss of, or a significant reduction in
the volume of business conducted with, these customers could have a significant
detrimental effect on the Corporation’s environmental consulting services
business. 
The patents which the Corporation owns or has access to or
other proprietary technology may not prevent the Corporation's competitors from
developing substantially similar technology, which may reduce the Corporation's
competitive advantage. Similarly, the loss of access to any of such patents or
other proprietary technology or claims from third parties that such patents or
other proprietary technology infringe upon proprietary rights which they may
claim or hold would be detrimental to the Corporation's reclamation and
remediation business. 
The Corporation may not be able to keep pace with continual and
rapid technological developments that characterize the market for the
Corporation's mine reclamation and remediation services and the Corporation's
failure to do so may result in a loss of its market share. Similarly, changes in
existing regulations relating to mine reclamation and remediation activities
could require the Corporation to change the way it conducts its business. 
- 14 - 


Potential Profitability Of Mineral Properties Depends Upon
Metal Prices and Other Factors Beyond the Control of the Corporation 
The potential profitability of mineral properties is dependent
upon many factors beyond the Corporation’s control. For instance, world prices
of and markets for gold, silver, lead and zinc are unpredictable, highly
volatile, potentially subject to governmental fixing, pegging and/or controls
and respond to changes in domestic, international, political, social and
economic environments. Another factor is that rates of recovery of mined ore may
vary from the rate experienced in tests and a reduction in the recovery rate
will adversely affect profitability and, possibly, the economic viability of a
property. Profitability also depends on the costs of operations, including costs
of labour, equipment, electricity, environmental compliance or other production
inputs. Such costs will fluctuate in ways the Corporation cannot predict and are
beyond the Corporation’s control, and such fluctuations will impact on
profitability and may eliminate profitability altogether. Additionally, due to
worldwide economic uncertainty, the availability and cost of funds for
development and other costs have become increasingly difficult, if not
impossible, to project. These changes and events may materially affect the
financial performance of the Corporation. 
First Nation Rights and Title 
The nature and extent of First Nation rights and title remains
the subject of active debate, claims and litigation in Canada, including in the
Yukon and including with respect to intergovernmental relations between First
Nation authorities and federal, provincial and territorial authorities. There
can be no guarantee that such claims will not cause permitting delays,
unexpected interruptions or additional costs for the Corporation’s projects.

Title to Mineral Properties 
The acquisition of title to mineral properties is a complicated
and uncertain process. The properties may be subject to prior unregistered
agreements of transfer or land claims, and title may be affected by undetected
defects. The Corporation has taken steps, in accordance with industry standards,
to verify mineral properties in which it has an interest. Although the
Corporation has made efforts to ensure that legal title to its properties is
properly recorded in the name of the Corporation, there can be no assurance that
such title will ultimately be secured. 
Capitalization and Commercial Viability 
The Corporation will require additional funds to further
explore, develop and mine its properties. The Corporation has limited financial
resources, and there is no assurance that additional funding will be available
to the Corporation to carry out the completion of all proposed activities, for
additional exploration or for the substantial capital that is typically required
in order to place a property into commercial production. In addition, while the
Corporation intends to draw upon the remaining US$35 million Silver Wheaton
deposit amount to fund the construction and development of the Bellekeno mine,
there remains a risk that Silver Wheaton will be unable or unwilling to pay such
funds. Although the Corporation has been successful in the past in obtaining
financing through the sale of equity securities, there can be no assurance that
the Corporation will be able to obtain adequate financing in the future or that
the terms of such financing will be favourable. Failure to obtain such
additional financing could result in the delay or indefinite postponement of
further exploration and development of its properties. 
General Economic Conditions May Adversely Affect the
Corporation’s Growth and Profitability. 
The unprecedented events in global financial markets since 2008
have had a profound impact on the global economy and led to increased levels of
volatility. Many industries, including the mining industry, are impacted by
these market conditions. Some of the impacts of the current financial market
turmoil include contraction in credit markets resulting in a widening of credit
risk, devaluations and high volatility in global equity, commodity, foreign
exchange and precious metal markets, and a lack of market liquidity. If the
current turmoil and volatility levels continue they may adversely affect the
Corporation's growth and profitability. Specifically: 

  
  a global credit/liquidity crisis could impact the cost and availability of
  financing and the Corporation’s overall liquidity; 
  
  the volatility of silver prices would impact the Corporation’s revenues,
  profits, losses and cash flow; 
  
  volatile energy prices, commodity and consumables prices and currency
  exchange rates would impact the Corporation’s operating costs; and

- 15 - 








the devaluation and volatility of global stock markets could impact the valuation of the Corporation’s equity and other securities.


These factors could have a material adverse effect on Alexco’s financial condition and results of operations. 

Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements 

This MD&A contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws
concerning the Corporation's anticipated results and developments in the Corporation’s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur in the
future, made as of the date of this MD&A. 

Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral exploration, the estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the realization of
mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of activities and the amount of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of exploration activities, permitting time lines, the success of mine development and construction activities,
the success of future mine operations, the success of other future business operations, requirements for additional capital and sources and uses of funds.  Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations,
beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, using words or phrases such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “estimates”,
“intends”, “strategy”, “goals”, “objectives” or stating that certain actions, events or results “may”, “could”, “would”, “might” or “will” be
taken, occur or be achieved, or the negative of any of these terms and similar expressions) are not statements of historical fact and may be “forward-looking statements”. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such factors
include, among others, risks related to actual results of exploration activities; actual results of remediation and reclamation activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters as plans continue to be refined; future
prices of gold, silver and other commodities; possible variations in ore reserves, grade or recovery rates; failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and
delays in obtaining governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development activities. Furthermore, forward-looking statements are statements about the future and are inherently uncertain, and actual achievements of the Corporation
or other future events or conditions may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to those referred to in this MD&A under the
heading “Risk Factors” and elsewhere. 

Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors – Information Concerning Preparation of Resource Estimates 

This MD&A has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the securities laws in effect in Canada, which differ from the requirements of United States securities laws. Unless otherwise indicated, all resource and reserve estimates
included in this MD&A have been prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 and the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy Classification System.  NI 43-101 is a rule developed by the Canadian Securities Administrators which establishes standards
for all public disclosure an issuer makes of scientific and technical information concerning mineral projects. NI 43-101 permits the disclosure of an historical estimate made prior to the adoption of NI 43-101 that does not otherwise comply with NI
43-101, using the historical terminology, if the disclosure: (a) identifies the source and date of the historical estimate; (b) comments on the relevance and reliability of the historical estimate; (c) states whether the historical estimate uses
categories other than those prescribed by NI 43-101 and if so includes an explanation of the differences; and (d) includes any more recent estimates or data available.  Such historical estimates are presented concerning certain of the
Corporation’s properties described herein. 

Canadian standards, including NI 43-101, differ significantly from the requirements of Industry Guide 7 promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and resource and reserve information contained herein may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by U.S. companies. In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term “resource” does not
equate to the term “reserves”. Under U.S. standards, mineralization may not be classified as a “reserve” unless the determination has been made that the mineralization could be economically and legally produced or extracted
at the time the reserve determination is made. The SEC's disclosure standards under Industry Guide 7 do not define the terms and normally do not permit the inclusion
of information concerning “measured mineral resources”, “indicated mineral
resources” or “inferred mineral resources” or other descriptions of the amount
of mineralization in mineral deposits that do not constitute “reserves” by U.S.
standards in documents filed with the SEC. U.S. Investors should also understand
that “inferred mineral resources” have a great amount of uncertainty as to their
existence and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. It
cannot be assumed that all or any part of an “inferred mineral resource” will
ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under Canadian rules, estimated “inferred
mineral resources” may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility
studies except in rare cases. Investors are cautioned not to assume that all or
any part of an “inferred mineral resource” exists or is economically or legally
mineable. 

- - 16 - 




Disclosure of “contained ounces” in a resource is permitted
disclosure under Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally only permits
issuers to report mineralization that does not constitute “reserves” by SEC
standards as in place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. The
requirements of NI 43-101 for identification of “reserves” are also not the same
as those of the SEC’s Industry Guide 7, and reserves reported by the Corporation
in compliance with NI 43-101 may not qualify as “reserves” under Industry Guide
7 standards. Accordingly, information concerning mineral deposits set forth
herein may not be comparable with information made public by companies that
report in accordance with U. S. standards. 
- 17 -