Exhibit 99.1

 

 Exhibit 99.1 
 

 
 AEGON APPOINTS GLOBAL HEAD OF SUSTAINABILITY 
THE HAGUE - AEGON has appointed Executive Vice President Marc van Weede as global Head of Sustainability, reporting to CEO Alex Wynaendts. The
appointment, effective October 1, underlines the growing importance of sustainability both to AEGON and its stakeholders.  Mr. Van
Weede, a Dutch national, brings considerable international business and management experience to the new position. Mr. Van Weede has served as the head of AEGON’s Group Business Development department, as well as President of the
company’s joint venture in China. Recently, Mr. Van Weede was responsible for Strategy and AEGON’s Public Policy and Regulatory Office. 
“It has become increasingly important to enhance the impact of our sustainability initiatives worldwide, and to ensure that they are responsive to
the larger concerns and interests of our many stakeholders,” said AEGON CEO Alex Wynaendts. “Marc is ideally suited to lead AEGON’s sustainability efforts given his extensive operational knowledge and experience, as well as his
appreciation for AEGON’s broader responsibilities as an international corporate citizen”.  As part of its long-term strategy, AEGON
has taken a more integrated approach to managing its operations around the world, and the appointment of Mr. Van Weede extends that approach to sustainability. In recent years, AEGON has taken steps to strengthen its sustainability performance,
and Mr. Van Weede’s aim will be to build on recent achievements and further improve AEGON’s record in this area.  In his new
position, Mr. Van Weede will work closely with AEGON’s country and business units as well as with members of the company’s Executive and Management Boards. 
 













   About AEGON
  As an international life insurance, pension and investment company based
in The Hague, AEGON has businesses in over twenty markets in the Americas,
Europe and Asia. AEGON companies employ approximately 28,000 people
and have some 40 million customers across the globe.
  

  
 Contact information  
Media relations: Greg Tucker  
+31(0)70 344 8956
gcc-ir@aegon.com  
Investor relations: Gerbrand Nijman  
+31 (0)70 344 8305 877 548 9668 – toll free
USA only ir@aegon.com  
www.aegon.com  
 

Key figures - EUR
  
Second quarter 2010  
  
Full year 2009
  
 
  

Underlying earnings before tax
  
522 million  
  
1.2 billion
  
  

New life sales
  
590 million  
  
2.1 billion
  
  

Gross deposits (excl. run-off)
  
7.6 billion  
  
28 billion
  
  

 Revenue generating investments 
(end of period)
  
409 billion  
  
363 billion
  
  


  

  

  

  


 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 





 

 
 Marc van Weede – Résumé 
 







 1989 – 1992
  
Account Manager, Bank Mees & Hope, Amsterdam




 1992 – 1994
  
Finance Manager, Forsythe International, The Hague




 1994 – 2001
  
Consultant and Associate Principal, McKinsey & Co., Amsterdam and New York




 2001 – 2003
  
AEGON Group Business Development, The Hague




 2003 – 2006
  
Head of Group Business Development, AEGON, The Hague




 2006 – 2008
  
President, AEGON-CNOOC Life Insurance Co., Shanghai




 2009 – 2010
  
Executive Vice President, Strategy and Public Policy & Regulatory Office, The Hague




 October 2010
  
Appointed global Head of Sustainability, The Hague.



 Mr. Van Weede has a BA and an MA in economics from Cambridge University.





 

 
  





  
Forward-looking statements  
The statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim, believe, estimate, target, intend, may, expect, anticipate, predict, project, counting on, plan, continue, want, forecast, goal, should,
would, is confident, will, and similar expressions as they relate to our company. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. We undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially
from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:
 
o       Changes in general economic conditions, particularly in the United
States, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;  
o       Changes in the performance of financial markets, including emerging
markets, such as with regard to:  
-        The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in our fixed
income investment portfolios; and  
-        The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting
restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities we hold;  
o       The frequency and severity of insured loss events;
 
o       Changes affecting mortality, morbidity and other factors that may
impact the profitability of our insurance products;  
o       Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly
changing interest rate levels;  
o       Changes affecting currency exchange rates, in particular the EUR/USD
and EUR/GBP exchange rates;  
o       Increasing levels of competition in the United States, the
Netherlands, the United Kingdom and emerging markets;  
o       Changes in laws and regulations, particularly those affecting our
operations, the products we sell, and the attractiveness of certain products to our consumers;  
o       Regulatory changes relating to the insurance industry in the
jurisdictions in which we operate;  
o       Acts of God, acts of terrorism, acts of war and pandemics;
 
o       Changes in the policies of central banks and/or
governments;  
o       Lowering of one or more of our debt ratings issued by recognized
rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on our ability to raise capital and on our liquidity and financial condition;  
o       Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of our
insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the premium writings, policy retention, profitability of its insurance subsidiaries and liquidity;  
o       The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and
other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital we are required to maintain;  
o       Litigation or regulatory action that could require us to pay
significant damages or change the way we do business;  
o       Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution
channels;  
o       Competitive, legal, regulatory, or tax changes that affect the
distribution cost of or demand for our products;  
o       The impact of acquisitions and divestitures, restructurings, product
withdrawals and other unusual items, including our ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;  
o       Our failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational
efficiencies as well as other cost saving initiatives; and  
o       The impact our adoption of the International Financial Reporting
Standards may have on our reported financial results and financial condition.  
Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the company are described in the company’s filings with Euro next Amsterdam and the US
Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 20-F. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, the company expressly disclaims any
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the company’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or
circumstances on which any such statement is based.