acl6k0329durezolex991.htm





    Exhibit
99.1
    
     
    
    
    
    
    Alcon
Completes Acquisition of Durezol™ and Zyclorin™ from Sirion
    
    HUENENBERG, Switzerland – March 29, 2010 – Alcon
(NYSE: ACL), the world’s leader in eye care, announced today that it
received regulatory approval and finalized the acquisition of the rights in the
United States for DUREZOL™ emulsion and the global rights, excluding Latin
America, for ZYCLORIN™ from Sirion Therapeutics, Inc.  Alcon will
immediately assume all marketing, promotion and sales of
DUREZOL™.  Management said that it is continuing to evaluate options
to acquire ZIRGAN™, an antiviral recently approved by the FDA for the treatment
of acute herpetic keratitis (corneal ulcers).
    DUREZOL™ emulsion is a topical
ophthalmic corticosteroid used to treat postoperative inflammation and pain
associated with ocular surgery and received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) in 2008.  Currently under clinical investigation
to treat dry eye and other ocular surface diseases, ZYCLORIN™ is a topical
ophthalmic immunomodulator and immunosuppressive agent.
    “This acquisition reinforces our
ability to drive growth in the near-term with the acquisition of DUREZOL™ and
add products to our long-term research pipeline with ZYCLORIN™,” said Stuart
Raetzman, vice president, Global Marketing and area president for the United
States. “Durezol’s unique capability to effectively and quickly treat both
inflammation and pain following ocular surgery makes it a great fit for Alcon’s
leading product portfolio.”
    
    About
Ocular Inflammation
    Cataracts
and glaucoma affect more than 24 million people age 40 and older in the United
States.  Many of these people seek surgical treatment for these and
other eye conditions.  Corticosteroids and non-steroidal
anti-inflammatory drugs are commonly used after eye surgery to manage
postoperative pain and inflammation.  Complications can occur if
inflammation is left untreated and can interfere with a patient’s visual
rehabilitation.
    
    About
DUREZOL™
    DUREZOL™ (difluprednate ophthalmic
emulsion) 0.05% is a topical ophthalmic corticosteroid for the treatment of
postoperative inflammation and pain associated with ocular
surgery.  DUREZOL™ received approval from the FDA in 2008 and was the
first ophthalmic steroid to be approved for both postoperative inflammation and
pain.  Clinical trials demonstrated that DUREZOL™ reduced ocular pain
and inflammation rapidly and effectively for patients following ocular
surgery.
    DUREZOL™ emulsion is a
difluorinated derivative of prednisolone with a recommended dosing regimen of
one drop four times daily beginning 24 hours after surgery and continuing
throughout the first two weeks of the postoperative period, followed by two
times daily for a week and then tapering off thereafter based on the
response.
     
    -
more -
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        
        
        
        
      
      
        
        
      
    
    The most common ocular adverse
reactions occurring in 5–15% of subjects in clinical studies with DUREZOL™
emulsion included corneal edema, ciliary and conjunctival hyperemia, eye pain,
photophobia, posterior capsule opacification, anterior chamber cells, anterior
chamber flare, conjunctival edema and blepharitis.
    
    About ZYCLORIN™
    ZYCLORIN™
(cyclosporine) is a topical ophthalmic immunomodulator and immunosuppressive
agent.  ZYCLORIN™ is an investigational drug and is not approved by
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.  It is being studied for the
treatment of ocular surface diseases, including dry eye, which affects millions
of Americans.
    
    About
Alcon
    Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.5
billion in 2009.  Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic
industry for 65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices, contacts lens solutions and
other vision care products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions
of the eye.  Alcon operates in 75 countries and sells products in 180
markets.  For more information on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s web
site at www.alcon.com.
    
    
    # #
#
    
    
    Caution Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. This press release may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995.  Any forward- looking statements reflect the views of our
management as of the date of this press release with respect to future events
and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Except to the extent required under the federal securities laws and
the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these
forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new information or future events
or circumstances or otherwise.
    
    Investor
and Media Inquiries:
     
    
      

             Doug
      MacHatton
             Melissa
      Mota
          
             817-551-8974
             817-551-4007
          
             doug.machatton@alconlabs.com
             melissa.mota@alconlabs.com