Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.1- Prepared by newsfilecorp.com







News Release  
Alexco Announces Initial Elsa Tailings Resource Estimate,
Keno Hill  
May 6, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce the
completion of an initial resource estimate for the historical tailings located
near the former town site of Elsa in the Keno Hill Silver District, Yukon. The
estimate is based on phase one sampling completed by Alexco in 2009, under which
Alexco drilled 283 sonic drill holes totaling 910 meters on a 50 meter grid
covering a portion of the historical impounded tailings. An initial indicated
resource estimate has now been completed by SRK Consulting (Canada) Inc. (“SRK”)
as follows: 


  
    
    Category 
     
    Quantity
      
     
     
      
     
     
             
         Grade 
     
     
      
     
     
         Contained
      Metal 
     
  
    
      
     
    (tonnes)
      
     
     
    Ag (g/t) 
     
     
    Au (g/t) 
     
     
    Pb (%) 
     
     
    Zn (%) 
     
     
    Ag (oz) 
     
     
    Au (oz) 
     
  
    
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
  
    
    Indicated 
     
    2,490,000 
     
     
    119.0 
     
     
    0.12 
     
     
    0.99 
     
     
    0.70 
     
     
    9,526,000 
     
     
    9,600 
     
Notes: 


  
     
    1. 
    
      Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not
      have demonstrated economic viability. All figures have been rounded to
      reflect the relative accuracy of the estimates.
  
     
    2. 
    
      Includes all blocks in the block model and effectively
      reported at a cut-off of 50 grams per tonne silver as all material is
      potentially economic assuming metal prices of US$17 per troy ounce silver
      and US$1,000 per troy ounce gold, silver recovery of 85% and gold recovery
      of 35%. Lead and zinc values not considered.
  
     
    3. 
    
      The effective date of this resource estimate is April 22,
      2010.
Elsa Tailings Resource Estimate Highlights 

  
  Historical milling operations started at Elsa in the 1930’s and operated
  almost continuously until 1988. Based on historical records, it is estimated
  that approximately 4.05 million short tons (3.67 million tonnes) of tailings
  were deposited at the Elsa site, captured mainly in the current existing
  impoundment and occupying an areal extent of approximately 100 hectares. In
  2009, Alexco drilled 283 vertical sonic drill holes on a 50 meter grid
  covering a portion (approximately 77 hectares) of the impoundment area.
  
  Average thickness of tailings drilled is 2.3 meters, ranging from a
  maximum thickness of 7.5 meters to a minimum of 0.2 meters.
  
  Studies to assess tailings process alternatives and preliminary economics
  have been initiated, including metallurgical recovery tests through Kappes
  Cassiday & Associates, and are expected to be completed by the third
  quarter of calendar 2010. It is the opinion of SRK that, given completion of
  metallurgical test work appropriate to evaluate processing options, resources
  for the Elsa Tailings project have been defined to sufficient accuracy to
  support the preparation of a preliminary economic assessment.
  
  A phase two sampling program will focus on portions of the tailings
  impoundment not covered by the 2009 sonic drilling campaign. 


  
    
    Head Office 
    
    
    T.
      604 633 4888  
  
    Alexco Resource Corp.  
    F. 604 633 4887  
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150  
     
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4  
     
  
    Canada  
     




Elsa Tailings Project 
The Elsa Tailings are located approximately 400 meters
northwest of the Elsa town site and the former United Keno Hill Mines (“UKHM”)
mill. The historical impounded tailings extend over an area of approximately 100
hectares and are contained behind a series of low level dam structures.
Historical milling operations at Elsa, which started in the 1930’s and operated
almost continuously until 1988, produced a lead concentrate, and periodically a
zinc concentrate. The tailings consist of unconsolidated fine sand to silty
grained material, with sieve analyses indicating that the material is all finer
than 250 microns with as much as 40 percent being less than 74 microns (200
mesh). The dominant minerals making up the tailings fragments are quartz and
siderite (80 percent), with the balance composed of muscovite, other silicate
minerals and pyrite. 
The Elsa Tailings were previously drilled in 1970 using a
percussion drill to complete 114 holes to an average depth of three meters on an
approximate 60 meter grid. Very little historical data is available from this
drilling program. In 1987 and 1988, a second drilling program was completed by
UKHM using a rotary drill to complete 379 vertical holes averaging approximately
4.5 meters deep. Alexco and SRK examined historical data and methodologies
related to these programs and concluded the drilling data were too unreliable to
be used for resource evaluation and classification according to CIM best
practice guidelines. As a result, Alexco in 2009 embarked on a new drilling
campaign and completed 283 vertical sonic drill holes totaling 910 meters on a
50 meter grid. Additional parts of the impoundment area remain undrilled. 
Drill core was sampled generally at each run length of 1.5
meters or to the lower tailings contact, and the entire core was sampled to
provide a known volume for density measurements. All samples were shipped to the
ALS Chemex laboratory in North Vancouver, BC for analysis, a facility
independent of Alexco, and quality control samples were placed systematically
into the sample stream. The dry density for each of the 2009 sonic drill samples
was measured for each of the assayed cores, and was determined using the dry
weight of the sample from the assay laboratory divided by the sampled interval
length and the inside diameter of the core tube. 
The tailings were modeled by combining an upper and lower
surface to generate a three dimensional block model. High resolution topographic
survey over the tailings and mapping tailings extents from drilling and air
photo interpretation were used to generate an upper surface. The lower surface
was generated from tailings and sub-surface contacts from sonic drilling data.

All tailings drill holes were composited to 1.5 meter intervals
from top to bottom with a minimum composite length of 0.20 meters to allow thin
portions of the tailings impoundment. A review of composite statistics and
cumulative frequency plots for the metal assays domains indicates that it is not
necessary to cap high grade values within the drill hole composites. Specific
gravity composites were capped at a high value of 4.0 and a low value of 0.75.
The average of capped specific gravity composites was 1.7. 
Metal grades and specific gravity composites were used in a
single estimation run using ordinary kriging. Estimates were verified by
comparing estimated block values to composite and uncomposited drill hole data. Additional verification was undertaken using cross
validation and comparing ordinary kriging estimates against two other estimators
for the low grade silver domain at zero cut-off (inverse distance power of two
and nearest neighbour). All validation checks confirm that the block estimates
are appropriate. 
Page 2 of 3 



 
The Elsa Tailings resource estimate has been prepared by SRK
under the responsibility of G. David Keller, P.Geo., an independent Qualified
Person as defined by National Instrument 43-101 (“NI 43-101”), in conformity
with generally accepted CIM “Estimation of Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve
Best Practices” Guidelines, and the scientific and technical information
disclosed in this news release has been reviewed and verified by G. David
Keller. The resource estimate may be affected by further infill and exploration
drilling that may result in increases or decreases in subsequent resource
estimates. The resource estimate may also be affected by subsequent assessments
of mining, environmental, processing, permitting, taxation, socio-economic and
other factors. SRK is now completing an independent NI 43-101 compliant
technical report in support of the Elsa Tailings resource estimate and the
contents of this news release, which Alexco intends to file on SEDAR no later
than 45 days from the date hereof. 
Keno Hill Silver District History 
Between 1921 and 1988, the Keno Hill Silver District produced
more than 217 million ounces of silver with average grades of 40.5 ounces per
ton silver, 5.6% lead and 3.1% zinc (Yukon Government's Minfile database). The
historical production grades would rank Keno Hill in the top 3% by grade of
today's global silver producers. The Keno Hill district is the second-largest
historical silver producer in Canada. 
About Alexco 
Alexco’s business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company’s core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com or visit the Company’s website at
www.alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain forward-looking
information concerning the Company’s anticipated results and developments in the
Company’s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of
its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur
in the future, made as of the date of this press release. Forward-looking
statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to
future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral exploration, the
estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the realization of mineral
reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of activities and the amount
of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of exploration activities,
permitting time lines, requirements for additional capital and sources and uses
of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events
or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, among others, risks related to actual results
of remediation and reclamation activities; actual results of exploration
activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters
as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and other
commodities; possible variations in ore bodies, grade or recovery rates; failure
of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour
disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining
governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development
activities. 
Page 3 of 3