exhibit99-1.htm





     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    Ballard Power Systems Inc. 
     
    Notice of Annual Meeting, 
     
    Management Proxy Circular and 
     
    2009 Annual Report 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    
    
    
    TABLE OF CONTENTS
     
    
      

            2009 ANNUAL REPORT
            
            
          
                LETTER FROM IAN
      A. BOURNE CHAIR OF THE BOARD
            1
          
                LETTER FROM
      JOHN W. SHERIDAN PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
            3
          
                BALLARD
      EMPLOYEE AWARDS OF EXCELLENCE FOR 2009
            8
          
            NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING
            9
          
            MANAGEMENT PROXY CIRCULAR
            10
          
                DEFINED
      TERMS
            10
          
                MATTERS TO BE
      VOTED UPON
            10
          
                ELECTION OF
      DIRECTORS
            11
          
                APPOINTMENT OF
      AUDITORS
            14
          
                VOTING
            14
          
                   Solicitation of
      Proxies
            14
          
                   How to
      Vote
            14
          
                   Execution and
      Revocation of Proxies
            15
          
                   Voting of
      Shares and Exercise of Discretion by Proxies
            15
          
                   Voting Shares
      and Principal Shareholders
            15
          
                   Interest of
      Certain Persons or Companies in Matters to be Acted Upon
            16
          
                BOARD AND
      COMMITTEES
            16
          
                   Board
      Composition and Nomination Process
            16
          
                   Majority Voting
      Policy
            16
          
                   Board
      Meetings
            16
          
                   Committees of
      the Board
            17
          
                      Audit
      Committee
            17
          
                      Management
      Development, Nominating & Compensation Committee
            17
          
                      Corporate
      Governance Committee
            17
          
                CORPORATE
      GOVERNANCE
            18
          
            EQUITY BASED COMPENSATION PLANS
            18
          
                COMPENSATION
            18
          
                   Compensation
      Discussion and Analysis
            18
          
                      Objectives of
      Our Executive Compensation Program
            19
          
                      Philosophy and
      Objectives
            19
          
                      How Executive
      Compensation is Determined
            19
          
                      Executive Pay
      Mix and the Emphasis on "At Risk" Pay
            19
          
                      The Use of
      Benchmarking
            20
          
                      Current
      Executive Compensation Elements
            20
          
                      Annual
      Salary
            20
          
                      Annual Bonus
      for Executive Officers
            21
          
                      Long Term
      Incentives
            23
          
                      Chief Executive
      Officer Compensation
            25
          
                      Termination and
      Change of Control Benefits
            26
          
                      Perquisites
            26
          
                      Retirement
      Benefits
            26
          
                      Total Executive
      Officer Compensation
            26
          
                      Minimum Share
      Ownership Guidelines
            27
          
                   Performance
      Graph
            28
          
                   Executive
      Compensation
            29
          
                   Incentive Plan
      Awards
            31
          
                   Pension Plan
      Benefits
            34
          
                   Termination and
      Change of Control Benefits
            34
          
                      Employment
      Contracts
            34
          
                      Equity-Based
      Compensation Plans
            35
          
                   Director
      Compensation
            36
          
                   Incentive Plan
      Awards
            39
          
                   Securities
      Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
            39
          
                SECURITY
      OWNERSHIP OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
            40
          
                INTEREST OF
      INFORMED PERSONS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS
            40
          
                INDEBTEDNESS OF
      DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
            40
          
                DIRECTORS’ AND
      OFFICERS’ LIABILITY INSURANCE
            40
          
                ADDITIONAL
      INFORMATION
            41
          
                PROPOSALS
            41
          
                APPROVAL BY
      BOARD
            41
          
    
    i
     
    
    
    
    
      

            APPENDIX "A" DESCRIPTION OF OPTION PLAN
            A-1
          
            APPENDIX "B" DESCRIPTION OF SDP
            B-1
          
            FINANCIAL INFORMATION
            F-1
          
                MANAGEMENT’S
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
            F-1
          
                CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            F-2
          
            Corporate Information
            F-3
          
    
     
     
     
     
     
     
    This document contains forward-looking
statements, including our estimated revenue and cash flow from operations for
2010, which are provided to enable external stakeholders to understand Ballard's
outlook as at the date of this circular and may not be appropriate for other
purposes. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and
assumptions of Ballard's management and reflect Ballard's current expectations
as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such assumptions
relate to Ballard's financial forecasts and expectations regarding its product
development efforts, manufacturing capacity, and market demand, and include
matters such as generating new sales, producing and delivering the expected
number of units, and controlling its costs.
     
    These statements involve risks and
uncertainties that may cause Ballard's actual results to be materially
different, including, without limitation, the rate of mass adoption of its
products, product development delays, changing environmental regulations, its
ability to attract and retain business partners and customers, its access to
funding, increased competition, its ability to protect its intellectual
property, changes in its customers' requirements, foreign exchange impacts on
its net monetary assets and its ability to provide the capital required for
product development, operations and marketing. For a detailed discussion of
these risk factors and other risk factors that could affect Ballard's future
performance, please refer to Ballard's most recent Annual Information Form.
Readers should not place undue reliance on Ballard's forward-looking statements
and Ballard assumes no obligation to update or release any revisions to these
forward-looking statements, other than as required under applicable
legislation.
     
    ii
     
    
    
    
     
     
    Letter from IAN A. BOURNE

    Chair of the
Board
     
     
    Fellow
Shareholders: 
     
    Decisive Actions in a Difficult Economic
Environment 
     
        The macroeconomic
events of 2009 and the ensuing global recession presented serious challenges to
most companies last year, and that was certainly the case for Ballard given the
early stage of market development for fuel cell products. In a volatile
environment, Boards must be attentive and responsive to changes in business
risks and opportunities. That is just what your Board of Directors did in 2009,
working very closely with our Ballard Management Team. 
     
        We re-assessed the
strategic direction and confirmed that we were focused on the right market
priorities for clean energy, fuel cell products. We agreed with the Management
Team’s view that the business environment would constrain short-term growth in
revenue and margin. Therefore, given our commitment to drive to near term
profitability, action was required to reduce the cost base. These actions are
always difficult given the impact on employees, but we supported the tough
decisions by Management as the right course to pursue.
     
        We also believed that
given the increased volatility in the capital markets it was appropriate to take
action to augment the Company’s cash reserves. Liquidity is even more critical
in uncertain economic times. Your Board of Directors endorsed monetizing the
Ford share purchase agreement and the Burnaby head office sale/leaseback.
Management executed well on both these transactions, thereby providing the
resources we feel will allow us to achieve the next phase of our strategy.

     
        But difficult times
often bring new growth opportunities as well. Management identified an
opportunity to acquire control of Dantherm Power, a fuel cell system integrator
based in Denmark. This transaction closed successfully in January 2010 and as a
result Ballard acquired key systems capability in fuel cell back-up power and
extended our product portfolio and growth capabilities. 
     
        Your Board of
Directors was very actively engaged in 2009, working with Management in areas
related to financial reporting due to the new IFRS standards, changes to equity
compensation plans, and ongoing strategy assessments. As well, the Board and the
Audit Committee were fully engaged with Management when approving the
transactions to (1) monetize the Ford share purchase agreement, (2) acquire
control of Dantherm Power, (3) exit the Ebara Ballard joint venture, and (4)
execute the head office sale/leaseback. The Board chose to reduce its cost
structure in recognition of the economic situation and to be more consistent
with the current stage of the Company’s evolution. We reduced both director
compensation and ancillary expenses.
     
    1 
     
    
    
    
    Strong Board Governance Focus in 2009

     
        The Board is
comprised of directors who combine extensive executive and governance experience
with a strong commitment to Ballard. As such, we are well positioned to provide
strong board governance. We believe strong governance combines approval of
strategy and resource allocation with oversight of management and business
risks.
     
        Effective execution
by a board requires clear policies that are regularly updated, focused work by
the appropriate committee (their mandates are outlined in the following report)
and the leadership and active engagement of skilled and experienced directors.
Business performance improves as a result of strong governance.
     
    Our Passionate Ballard Employees

     
        As I noted in my
Letter to Shareholders last year, I continue to be impressed by the passion,
dedication, and enthusiasm shown by the employees of Ballard. While the economic
backdrop in 2009 and related cost-cutting initiatives posed difficult impacts,
our employees continued to demonstrate their resilience and commitment. So I am
especially proud this year to recognize the employees who went ‘Above and
Beyond’ with their 2009 achievements. This year’s winners can be found in the
following table. 
     
        Also, along with my
fellow Directors, I congratulate the Ballard Management Team for their strong
leadership in a very difficult and volatile economic environment. While our
progress in product shipments and revenue growth fell short of the original
goals for 2009, we drove significant progress on our broader market positioning,
our path to profitability and in strengthening our balance sheet. 
     
        In closing I would
like to acknowledge Gerri Sinclair who has decided to retire from the Board due
to other business commitments. I want to recognize her contribution to Ballard
as a director for the past 5 years and wish her well. 
     
        Finally, I would like
to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support of Ballard as we
continue to drive progress in building a leading fuel cell products company and
a profitable clean energy growth company. I look forward to reporting next year
on our 2010 progress. 
     
    "Ian A. Bourne" 
     
    Ian
A. Bourne
    Chair of the Board of Directors

     
    2 
     
    
    
    
     
     
    Letter from JOHN W. SHERIDAN

    President and Chief Executive
Officer
     
    2009—A Very Challenging Year for Energy
Technology Companies 
     
        2009 was a very
difficult year for the economy, with crises in credit and equity markets,
upheaval in the automotive and energy sectors and a pervasive global recession.
Needless to say, this presented challenges to most sectors, but particularly to
energy technology companies in the early stages of market
development.
     
        Market development
for new, clean power solutions requires ongoing investments by system
integrators, channel partners and end-customers – to replace cheap, incumbent
power solutions that have been in-place for decades, including internal
combustion engines, diesel generators and lead acid batteries. And, while
Ballard did see progress in 2009, there is no doubt that difficult circumstances
in the economy constrained our progress, since our partners and customers were
themselves impacted by depressed demand in end-markets, credit and financing
constraints and liquidity concerns. 
     
    Maintaining Strategic Focus while
Adjusting Priorities 
     
        However, we continued
to see evidence that Ballard is focused on the right markets -
    
      Backup and supplemental
  power; 
        
      Distributed generation;
  and 
        
      Motive power. 
    
        We see growing demand
for new, clean power solutions to provide extended backup power in
telecommunications networks around the world. We are moving forward with First
Energy in the megawatt distributed power generation space. In material handling,
our partner Plug Power continues to forge progress with leading customers.
Interest in fuel cell public transit programs is heightening. So as the various
economic crises unfolded last year, we did not shift our strategic direction or
our market priorities. 
     
        However, the pace of
market development and revenue growth was clearly impacted by the economic
conditions in 2009. With this reality, and given our commitment to profitability
in the near-term, we heightened our focus on the cost base and balance sheet.

     
    3 
     
    
    
    
        On the cost front, we
took aggressive, comprehensive actions, including simplification of our
organization structure, cutting discretionary costs, downsizing our employee
base and securing increased government funding to offset our research costs. The
net result was a reduction of 30% in our annual operating expenses, on an annual
‘run rate’ basis. 
     
        On the balance sheet
front, we took action to augment cash reserves, ensuring that our Company would
not be confronted by any real or perceived financing issues as we move forward
to execute our growth plan. On December 21st, we closed the transaction monetizing
our equity position in Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation Corp. This transaction
secured gross proceeds of $44.5 million, with $37 million received upfront and
an additional contingent payment of $7.5 million due in 2013. As well, we
executed a sale-leaseback transaction for our Burnaby head office building,
which closed in March 2010, with gross proceeds of $20.4 million. 
     
    Operating Results for
2009
     
        Our revenues for 2009
were $46.7 million, down 22% over 2008. Operating cash consumption was $27.5
million for the year, which reflects an improvement of 6% over 2008. Cash
reserves increased significantly, to approximately $82 million, which were
further augmented by the cash proceeds from the head office sale-leaseback
transaction in March. 
     
        While 2009 was a
difficult year for growth, we ended the year with some important momentum.
Progress in market penetration was evidenced by a number of key developments -

    
      Supply agreement with
  Daimler for FCvelocity™ fuel cell stacks for
  use in cars and buses, with an estimated minimum value of $24 million over
  2010-11; 
        
      Motorola deployed Dantherm Power’s backup power
  system, incorporating our FCgen™-1020ACS fuel cell stacks; 
        
      Continued development of a
  supplemental power system for the wireless telecom market in India,
  with IdaTech LLC ; 
        
      Supply agreement with
  First Energy Corporation
  for a 1-megawatt
  distributed generation system for utility load management in Ohio; 
        
      Order from Advanced Public Transportation Systems
  bv (APTS) for five
  FCvelocity™-HD6 modules
  for buses in the Netherlands; 
        
      Plug Power announced commercial orders for its
  GenDrive material handling system from such customers as Central Grocers, Wegmans,
  Whole Foods and Coca-Cola; and 
        
      Award from Sustainable Development Technology
  Canada (SDTC) for
  up to C$4.8 million for fuel cell buses in British Columbia. 
    
        Also, in January of
this year, we announced a controlling equity position in Dantherm Power, a
Danish fuel cell system integration company. The Dantherm Power acquisition is
important strategically, as it increases Ballard’s business scope, so that in
addition to providing fuel cell stacks to
leading fuel cell companies like Plug Power, IdaTech and Baxi and power modules
to customers like ISE and APTS, now through Dantherm Power we can provide
complete backup power
systems.
     
    4 
     
    
    
    
        It’s also worth
noting that our share price performance was positive in the year. Our stock
price ended 2009 about 67% higher on NASDAQ and 49% higher on the TSX compared
to December 31st, 2008, and out-performed most fuel cell
company comparators.
     
        To summarize 2009,
while it was a very difficult year we feel positive that we exited ’09 with
important progress on three fronts -
    
      Re-setting our cost
  base… 
        
      Strengthening our liquidity
  position…and 
        
      Building key momentum for
  growth. 
    
    Looking Forward – Our Business Outlook
for 2010 and Beyond 
     
        Continuing weaknesses
and uncertainties in the economy notwithstanding, we feel that we have
positioned our Company for strong growth in 2010. 
     
        We expect revenue
growth this year in excess of 35%, with fuel cell product growth expected to be
driven by:
    
      Supplemental power
  applications, using IdaTech reformate-based systems; 
        
      Backup power, using Dantherm
  Power direct hydrogen systems in Europe; 
        
      Distributed generation, with
  the First Energy project – we are also anticipating our first
  distributed generation
  order using ‘by-product’ hydrogen fuel; 
        
      Material handling stack
  shipments to Plug Power, with Plug forging clear progress with their
  customers…and  
        
      Fuel Cell buses, with the
  Whistler Transit fleet of 20 fuel cell buses increasing interest among
  other sales prospects.
  
    
        Beyond this strong
outlook for revenue growth, with the changes that we made in our cost structure
last year, we expect that cash flow from operations will improve by 30% in 2010.
And, with our revenue and cost trajectory in 2010, we expect Ballard to be
positioned for positive EBITDA performance during 2011. 
     
        Beyond this
‘high-level’ guidance on our path to profitability, we have provided six
specific growth milestones for 2010, that will be used to ‘gauge’ our progress
- -
     
    
      

                  
            1.
                  
            Begin shipments of stacks for IdaTech’s reformate-based
      supplemental power systems in the Indian telecoms market;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            2.
            
            
            Deploy Dantherm Power hydrogen-based backup power systems in one
      major, new telecom network;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            3.
            
            
            Commission the 1-megawatt ‘distributed generation’ system for First
      Energy in Ohio;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            4.
            
            
            Book our first ‘distributed generation’ system sale, utilizing
      by-product hydrogen;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            5.
            
            
            More than double volume of stack shipments in material handling,
      ‘in line’ with Plug Power’s 2010 shipment target of 1,100 ‘GenDrive’
      systems….and
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            6.
            
            
            Book new fuel cell bus contracts, to support the deployment of more
      than 25 buses.
          
    
     
    5 
     
    
    
    
        These specific
milestones underpin our outlook for strong revenue growth in excess of 35% for
2010.
     
    Building a Clean Energy Growth Company

     
        As we continue to
build a leading clean energy growth company, we are conscious of the need to
maintain Ballard’s market leadership in creating compelling fuel cell products.
As a result, we continue to work diligently on enhancing our product
capabilities and partnering with strong players in the clean energy industry.
But, we are also aware that our corporate brand is made up of more than just the
best products, it is supported by our delivery of the best ‘solutions’. The
Ballard brand reflects our ability to harness the passion of our employees to
deliver a superior overall experience to customers in all our markets –
solutions they will be delighted with. 
     
        In conclusion, I
would like to recognize you, our shareholders, for your support of Ballard and
to thank you for your continuing belief in our company and its
future.
     
    "John Sheridan" 
     
    John Sheridan
    President & CEO 
    Ballard Power Systems

     
    6 
     
    
    
    
    
    7
     
    
    
    
    
     
    8
     
    
    
    
    BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
INC.
     
    9000 Glenlyon ParkwayBurnaby, British
Columbia, Canada V5J 5J8
     
    NOTICE OF ANNUAL
MEETING
     
    TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: 
     
    Our 2010 Annual
Meeting (the "Meeting") will be held at 9000 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British
Columbia, on Tuesday, June 1, 2010 at 1:00 p.m. (Pacific Daylight Time) for the
following purposes: 
     
    
      

                    
            1.
                    
            To receive
      our audited financial statements for the financial year ended December 31,
      2009 and the report of our auditors thereon;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            2.
            
            
            To elect our
      directors for the ensuing year; and
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            3.
            
            
            To appoint
      our auditors for the ensuing year and to authorize our Audit Committee to
      fix the remuneration of the auditors.
          
    
     
    In addition,
shareholders will be asked to consider any amendment to or variation of a matter
identified in this Notice and to transact such other business as may properly
come before the Meeting or any adjournment thereof. 
     
    A detailed
description of the matters to be dealt with at the Meeting, our 2009 Annual
Report, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2009 and the report of our auditors thereon, and our 2009 Management’s
Discussion and Analysis, are included with this Notice. 
     
    If you are
unable to attend the Meeting in person and wish to ensure that your shares will
be voted at the Meeting, you must complete, date and execute the enclosed form
of proxy and deliver it in accordance with the instructions set out in the form
of proxy and in the Management Proxy Circular accompanying this Notice, so that
it is received by Computershare Investor Services Inc. no later than 1:00 p.m.
(Pacific Daylight Time) on Friday, May 28, 2010. 
     
    If you plan to
attend the Meeting you must follow the instructions set out in the form of proxy
and in the Management Proxy Circular to ensure that your shares will be voted at
the Meeting. 
     
    DATED at Burnaby, British Columbia, April 13,
2010. 
     
    
      

            BY ORDER OF THE
    BOARD
          
             
          
            "Kerry Hillier"
          
             
          
            Kerry Hillier
          
            Corporate
  Secretary
          
            Ballard Power Systems
          
    
    9
     
    
    
    
    MANAGEMENT PROXY
CIRCULARdated as
of April 13, 2010
     
    DEFINED TERMS 
     
         In this Management Proxy Circular:

     
    "Ballard",
"Corporation", "we", "us" and "our" refer to Ballard Power Systems Inc.

     
    "Beneficial
Shareholders" means holders of our Shares that do not hold our Shares in their
own name, but instead, whose Shares are held on the Record Date by a bank, trust
company, securities broker or other nominee. 
     
    "Board" means
the board of directors of Ballard.
     
    "C$" refers to
Canadian currency. 
     
    "DSU" means
deferred share unit. 
     
    "$" or "dollars"
refer to United States currency unless specifically stated otherwise.

     
    "Meeting" means
the 2010 annual meeting of our Registered Shareholders and includes any
adjournment thereof, unless otherwise indicated. 
     
    "NASDAQ" means
the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. 
     
    "Record Date"
means 5:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time on April 13, 2010. 
     
    "Registered
Shareholders" means registered holders of our Shares on the Record
Date.
     
    "RSU" means
restricted share unit. 
     
    "Shares" means
common shares without par value in the capital of Ballard.
     
    "TSX" means the
Toronto Stock Exchange. 
     
    "US$" refers to
United States currency. 
     
    MATTERS TO BE VOTED
UPON
     
    Registered
Shareholders or their duly appointed proxyholders will be voting on:

    
      the election of directors to
  our Board; and 
        
      the re-appointment of our
  auditors and authorization for our Audit Committee to fix the remuneration of the auditors.
  
    
         As of the date of this Management Proxy
Circular, we know of no amendment, variation or other matter that may come
before the Meeting other than the matters referred to in the Notice of Annual
Meeting. If any other matter is properly brought before the Meeting, it is the
intention of the persons named in the enclosed proxy to vote the proxy on that
matter in accordance with their best judgment.
     
         With respect to resolutions to be voted
on at the Meeting, a simple majority of the votes (greater than 50%) cast in
favour by Registered Shareholders, by proxy or in person, will constitute
approval. 
     
    10
     
    
    
    
    ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

     
         With Dr. Sinclair’s decision to retire
from the Board, consistent with our efforts to reduce the Board cost structure,
we have reduced the size of the Board by one director. Accordingly, at the
Meeting you will be asked to elect eight directors. All of our eight nominees
are currently members of the Board. Each elected director will hold office until
the end of our next annual shareholders’ meeting (or if no director is then
elected, until a successor is elected) unless the director resigns or is
otherwise removed from office earlier. If any nominee for election as a director
advises us that he or she is unable to serve as a director, the persons named in
the enclosed proxy will vote to elect a substitute director at their
discretion.
     
         The following information pertains to our
nominees for election as directors at the Meeting, as of April 13, 2010. The
number of Shares shown as being held by each nominee constitute the number
beneficially owned, or controlled or directed, directly or indirectly, by that
nominee and such information has been provided to us by that nominee.

     
    
      

            
              Ian A.
      BourneAge:
      62
               
              Alberta,
      Canada
               
              Director
      since: 2003
               
              Independent
            
            
              Mr.
      Bourne’s principal occupation is corporate director, and he has been the
      Chair of the Board of Ballard since February 2006. Mr. Bourne was also our
      lead director from October 2005 to February 2006. Previously, Mr. Bourne
      was the Executive Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer of
      TransAlta Corporation (electricity generation and
      marketing) from
      January 1998 to December 2006 and from January 1998 to December 2005,
      respectively. He has completed the Directors Education Program of the
      Institute of Corporate Directors and has received his ICD.D
      designation.
            
          
            
              Board and
      CommitteeMembership
            
            
              Attendance
            
            
              Board Memberships(1)
            
          
            
              Board
      (Chair)AuditCorporate GovernanceManagement
      Development,Nominating & Compensation
            
            
              7856
            
            
              100%100%100%100%
            
            
              Current: SNC-Lavalin Group; Canadian Public
      Accountability Board; Wajax Income Fund; Wajax Limited; Canada Pension
      Plan Investment Board; Canadian Oil Sands Trust; The Calgary
      FoundationPrevious: Purolator Courier Ltd.; TransAlta
      Power LP; TransAlta CoGen LP; Wajax Limited; Glenbow Museum; Calgary
      Philharmonic Orchestra
            
          
            Securities Held(2)
          
            Year
            Shares
            DSUs
            Total of Shares
      andDSUs
            Total Value of Shares
      andDSUs(3)
          
            2010
            26,824
            77,706
            104,530
            $265,807
          
            2009
            26,824
            77,706
            104,530
            $265,807
          
    
    
      

            
              Edwin J.
      KilroyAge:
      50
               
              Ontario,
      Canada
               
              Director
      since: 2002
               
              Independent
            
            
              Mr. Kilroy
      is the Chief Executive Officer of Symcor Inc. (business process
      outsourcing services), a position he has held since January 2005. Mr.
      Kilroy was the Chief Executive Officer of IBM Canada Ltd. (information
      technology) from April 2001 to January 2005.
            
          
            
              Board and
      CommitteeMembership
            
            
              Attendance
            
            
              Board Memberships(1)
            
          
            
              BoardAudit (Chair)Corporate Governance(4)
            
            
              783
            
            
              100%100%100%
            
            
              Current: Symcor Inc.; The Conference Board
      of CanadaPrevious: Canadian Council of Chief
      Executives
            
          
            Securities Held(2)
          
            Year
            Shares
            DSUs
            Total of Shares
      andDSUs
            Total Value of Shares
      andDSUs(3)
          
            2010
            2,424
            42,844
            45,268
            $115,111
          
            2009
            2,424
            42,844
            45,268
            $115,111
          
    
     11
     
    
    
    
    
      

            
              Dr. Chong Sup(C.S.)
      ParkAge:
      62
               
              California,
      U.S.A.
               
              Director
      since: 2007
               
              Independent
            
            
              Dr. Park’s
      principal occupation is corporate director. Previously, Dr. Park was the
      Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Maxtor Corporation
      (storage solutions and hard disk
      drives) from
      November 2004 to May 2006. Dr. Park was also the Managing Director,
      Investment Partner and Senior Advisor of H&Q Asia Pacific (private equity
      investment)
      from November 2002 to September 2004. 
            
          
            
              Board and
      CommitteeMembership
            
            
              Attendance
            
            
              Board Memberships(1)
            
          
            
              BoardCorporate Governance(4)Management
      Development,Nominating & Compensation
            
            
              736
            
            
              100%100%100%
            
            
              Current: Brooks Automation, Inc.; Seagate
      Technology; Smart Modular Technologies, Inc.; Computer Sciences Corp.;
      Sand Force Inc.; American Leadership Forum (Silicon Valley); Silicon
      Valley Community Foundation
            
          
            Securities Held(2)
          
            Year
            Shares
            DSUs
            Total of Shares
      andDSUs
            Total Value of Shares
      andDSUs(3)
          
            2010
            
              17,091
            
            
              0
            
            
              17,091
            
            
              $43,460
            
          
            2009
            
              17,091
            
            
              0
            
            
              17,091
            
            
              $43,460
            
          
    
    
      

            
              John W.
      SheridanAge: 55
               
              B.C.,
      Canada
               
              Director
      since: 2001
               
              Non-Independent
            
            
              Mr.
      Sheridan is President and Chief Executive Officer of Ballard. Previously,
      Mr. Sheridan was our interim President and Chief Executive Officer from
      October 2005 to February 2006 at which time he was appointed our President
      and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sheridan was also Chair of our Board from
      June 2004 to February 2006. 
            
          
            
              Board and
      CommitteeMembership
            
            
              Attendance
            
            
              Board Memberships(1)
            
          
            
              Board
            
            
              7
            
            
              100%
            
            
              Current: NewPage Corporation; AFCC
      Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation Corp.; Dantherm Power, Premier's
      Technology Council; BC Hydrogen HighwayPrevious: Aliant Inc.; Bell Canada, Bell
      Actimedia, Bell Distribution, Bell Express Vu, Bell Mobility, Bell West,
      Bell Sygma UK Ltd; Encom Cable TV & Telecommunications, plc; Manitoba
      Telecom Services Inc.; MTS Communications Inc.; Photowatt Technologies;
      Sun Media Corp. Ltd. 
            
          
            Securities Held(2)
          
            Year
            Shares
            DSUs
            Total of Shares
      andDSUs
            Total Value of Shares
      andDSUs(3)
          
            2010
            
              261,710
            
            
              57,943
            
            
              319,653
            
            
              $812,839
            
          
            2009
            
              336,840
            
            
              57,943
            
            
              394,783
            
            
              $1,003,886
            
          
    
    
      

            
              David
      J.SmithAge:
      75
               
              B.C.,
      Canada
               
              Director
      since: 2006
               
              Independent
            
            
              Mr. Smith
      is a part-time Commissioner of the British Columbia Securities Commission
      (provincial securities
      regulator), a
      position he has held since July 2006. Mr. Smith was counsel with Lawson
      Lundell LLP (law firm) from May 2005 until April 2006,
      and prior to that, he was a partner at Lawson Lundell LLP and predecessor
      firms practicing corporate, commercial and securities law. He has
      completed the Directors Education Program of the Institute of Corporate
      Directors and has received his ICD.D designation. 
            
          
            
              Board and
      CommitteeMembership
            
            
              Attendance
            
            
              Board Memberships(1)
            
          
            
              BoardCorporate Governance (Chair)Management
      Development,Nominating & Compensation(4)
            
            
              753
            
            
              100%100%100%
            
            
              Current: Member of Executive Committee,
      British Columbia Chapter, Institute of Corporate DirectorsPrevious: Scott Paper Limited; Pacific Forest
      Products Limited
            
          
            Securities Held(2)
          
            Year
            Shares
            DSUs
            Total of Shares
      andDSUs
            Total Value of Shares
      andDSUs(3)
          
            2010
            
              7,911
            
            
              14,841
            
            
              22,752
            
            
              $57,856
            
          
            2009
            
              7,911
            
            
              14,841
            
            
              22,752
            
            
              $57,856
            
          
    
     
    12
     
    
    
    
    
      

            
              David B.
      SutcliffeAge: 50
               
              B.C.,
      Canada
               
              Director
      since: 2005
               
              Independent
               
            
            
              Mr.
      Sutcliffe’s principal occupation is corporate director. Previously, Mr.
      Sutcliffe was the Chief Executive Officer of Sierra Wireless, Inc.
      (electrical and electronic
      industrial products) from May 1995 to October 2005. From May 2001 to April 2005, he
      was also the Chair of the Board of Sierra Wireless, Inc. He has completed
      the Directors Education Program of the Institute of Corporate Directors
      and has received his ICD.D designation. 
            
          
            
              Board and
      CommitteeMembership
            
            
              Attendance
            
            
              Board Memberships(1)
            
          
            
              BoardAudit(4)Management
      Development,Nominating & Compensation(Chair)
            
            
              726
            
            
              100%100%100%
            
            
              Current: Sierra Wireless,
      Inc.Previous: Cellular Telecommunications and
      Internet Association; BC Technology Social Venture Partners; Premier’s
      Technology Council, British Columbia; E-Comm 911
            
          
            Securities Held(2)
          
            Year
            Shares
            DSUs
            Total of Shares
      andDSUs
            Total Value of Shares
      andDSUs(3)
          
            2010
            
              3,600
            
            
              25,528
            
            
              29,128
            
            
              $74,069
            
          
            2009
            
              3,600
            
            
              25,528
            
            
              29,128
            
            
              $74,069
            
          
    
    
      

            
              Mark A.
      SuwynAge:
      67
               
              Florida,
      U.S.A.
               
              Director
      since: 2003
               
              Independent
            
            
              Mr. Suwyn
      is Executive Chairman of the Board of NewPage Corporation (coated papers), a position he has held since
      March 2009. Previously, Mr. Suwyn was Acting Chief Executive Officer and
      Chairman of the Board of NewPage Corporation from March 2009 to January
      2010; and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, positions he
      held from April 2006 and May 2005, respectively. Mr. Suwyn was the
      President of MARSUW LLC (consulting) from November 2004 to April 2005.
      He was the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
      Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (building
      products) from
      January 1996 to October 2004. 
            
          
            
              Board and
      CommitteeMembership
            
            
              Attendance
            
            
              Board Memberships(1)
            
          
            
              BoardAudit
            
            
              47
            
            
              57%88%
            
            
              Current: NewPage Corporation; BlueLinx
      CorporationPrevious: Hope College Board of Trustees;
      Louisiana Pacific Corporation; International Paper Company; Junior
      Achievement Inc.; Junior Achievement International; Kelly Cabinets; The
      Nature Conservancy of Oregon; United Rentals Inc.
            
          
            Securities Held(2)
          
            Year
            Shares
            DSUs
            Total of Shares
      andDSUs
            Total Value of Shares
      andDSUs(3)
          
            2010
            
              7,237
            
            
              35,019
            
            
              42,256
            
            
              $107,452
            
          
            2009
            
              7,237
            
            
              35,019
            
            
              42,256
            
            
              $107,452
            
          
    
    
      

            
              Douglas
      W.G.WhiteheadAge: 63
               
              B.C.,
      Canada
               
              Director
      since: 1998
               
              Independent
            
            
              Mr.
      Whitehead is the Chairman of Finning International Inc. (heavy equipment
      reseller).
      Previously, Mr. Whitehead was the President and Chief Executive Officer of
      Finning International Inc. from 1999 to May 2008.
            
          
            
              Board and
      CommitteeMembership
            
            
              Attendance
            
            
              Board Memberships(1)
            
          
            
              BoardAudit
            
            
              77
            
            
              100%88%
            
            
              Current: International Forest Products
      Inc.; INMET Mining Corporation; Belkorp Industries Inc.; Finning
      International Inc.; Vancouver General Hospital/University of British
      Columbia Hospital FoundationPrevious: Terasen Inc. 
            
          
            Securities Held(2)
          
            Year
            Shares
            DSUs
            Total of Shares
      andDSUs
            Total Value of Shares
      andDSUs(3)
          
            2010
            
              4,383
            
            
              36,916
            
            
              41,299
            
            
              $105,018
            
          
            2009
            
              4,383
            
            
              36,916
            
            
              41,299
            
            
              $105,018
            
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                    
            
            
            Previous
      board memberships are shown for the past five years.
          
             
          
            (2)
            
            
            
            
            As of April
      14, 2009 and April 13, 2010,
respectively.
          
    
     
    13
     
    
    
    
    
      

            (3)
                    
            Based on a
      C$2.55 closing Share price on the TSX as of April 13, 2010, converted into
      United States dollars using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on
      April 13, 2010. The corresponding values in Canadian dollars are
      C$266,552, C$115,433, C$43,582, C$58,018, C$74,276, C$107,753, and
      C$105,312 for Mr. Bourne, Mr. Kilroy, Dr. Park, and Messrs. Smith,
      Sutcliffe, Suwyn and Whitehead, respectively; and C$1,006,697 and
      C$815,115 in 2009 and 2010, respectively, for Mr. Sheridan.
          
             
          
            (4)
            
            
            Board
      committee membership changed during 2009. These directors attended 100% of
      the meetings held during the time they were members of the indicated
      committee. For a full discussion of the changes made to committee
      membership, see the section entitled “Committees of the
  Board”.
          
    
     
    APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS

     
         Our Audit Committee has recommended that
KPMG LLP, Chartered Accountants, of 777 Dunsmuir Street, Vancouver, British
Columbia, be nominated at the Meeting for re-appointment as our external
auditors. Our Audit Committee will fix the remuneration of our external auditors
if authorized to do so by shareholders at the Meeting. It is expected that
representatives of KPMG LLP will be present at the Meeting. KPMG LLP was
appointed as our external auditors in 1999. Total fees paid to KPMG in 2009 and
2008 are set forth in the table below. We comply with the requirement regarding
the rotation of our audit engagement partner every five years. The current audit
engagement partner at KPMG LLP may continue in his role until the end of 2010.

     
         The following table shows the fees
we incurred with KPMG LLP in 2009 and 2008: 
     
    
      

            Type of Audit Fees
            2009
            2008
          
            
            
            (C$)
            (C$)
          
            Audit
      Fees
            
            
            $340,089
            
            
            $415,187(1)
          
            Audit-Related Fees(2)
            
            
            $9,587
            
            
            $13,995
          
            Tax
      Fees(3)
            
            
            $6,115
            
            
            $37,864
          
            All
      Other Fees
            
            
            Nil
            
            
            Nil
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                    
            The Audit
      Fees for 2008 includes services as a result of the AFCC Transaction and
      the Superior Plus Transaction.
          
             
          
            (2)
            
            
            The
      Audit-Related Fees relate primarily to accounting advice for International
      Financial Reporting Standards.
          
             
          
            (3)
            
            
            The Tax Fees
      for 2009 and 2008 related to tax advisory services and the filing of our
      2008 Canadian and United States corporate tax
returns.
          
    
     
         For a more detailed description of the
Audit Committee or to see the Audit Committee’s mandate, a copy of which is
posted on our website, see the section entitled "Board Committees – Audit
Committee" in our Annual Information Form dated March 15, 2010, which section is
incorporated by reference into this Management Proxy Circular. 
     
    VOTING
     
    SOLICITATION OF PROXIES

     
         This Management Proxy Circular is
furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our management in
connection with the Meeting to be held on Tuesday, June 1, 2010 at 1:00 p.m.
Pacific Daylight Time in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, or the date and
place of any adjournment thereof. We are soliciting proxies primarily by mail,
but our directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies personally, by
telephone, by facsimile transmission or by other means of electronic
communication. The cost of the solicitation will be borne by us. The approximate
date on which this Management Proxy Circular and the related materials are first
being sent to Registered Shareholders is May 7, 2010. 
     
    HOW TO VOTE 
     
         Only Registered Shareholders or their
duly appointed proxyholders are permitted to vote at the Meeting. Beneficial
Shareholders are not permitted to vote at the Meeting as only proxies from
Registered Shareholders can be recognized and voted at the Meeting. You may vote
as follows: 
     
         Registered
Shareholders:
If you are a Registered Shareholder you may vote by attending the Meeting in
person, or if you do not plan to attend the Meeting, by completing the proxy and
delivering it according to the instructions contained in the form of proxy and
this Management Proxy Circular. 
     
    14
     
    
    
    
         Beneficial
Shareholders:
If you are a Beneficial Shareholder you may only vote by carefully following the
instructions on the voting instruction form or proxy form provided to you by
your stockbroker or financial intermediary. If you do not follow the special
procedures described by your stockbroker or financial intermediary, you will not
be entitled to vote. 
     
    EXECUTION AND REVOCATION OF PROXIES

     
         A Registered Shareholder or the
Registered Shareholder’s attorney authorized in writing or, where the Registered
Shareholder is a company, a duly authorized officer or attorney of that company,
must execute the proxy. In order to be effective, completed proxies must be
deposited at the office of the registrar and transfer agent for the Shares,
being Computershare Investor Services Inc. ("Computershare"), Proxy Dept., 100 University Avenue, 9th Floor, Toronto Ontario, M5J
2Y1 (Fax: within North America: 1-866-249-7775; outside North America:
1-416-263-9524), not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays and holidays)
before the time of the Meeting. The individuals named as proxyholders in the
accompanying form of proxy are directors and officers of Ballard. A Registered Shareholder desiring to appoint a person or company (who
need not be a shareholder) to represent him or her at the Meeting, other than
the persons or companies named in the enclosed proxy, may do so by inserting the
name of such other person or company in the blank space provided in the
proxy. 
     
         A proxy may be revoked by written notice
executed by the Registered Shareholder or by his or her attorney authorized in
writing or, where the Registered Shareholder is a company, by a duly authorized
officer or attorney of that company, and delivered to: 
    
      Computershare, at the address
  or fax number set out above, at any time up to and including the last business
  day preceding the day of the Meeting at which the proxy is to be
  used; 
        
      the registered office of the
  Corporation at any time up to and including the last business day preceding
  the day of the Meeting at which the proxy is to be used; or 
        
      the chair of the Meeting on
  the day of the Meeting and before any vote in respect of which the proxy is to
  be used is taken. 
    
         A proxy may also be revoked in any other
manner provided by law. Any revocation of a proxy will not affect a matter on
which a vote is taken before such revocation. 
     
    VOTING OF SHARES AND EXERCISE OF
DISCRETION BY PROXIES 
     
         If you complete and deposit your proxy
properly, then the proxyholder named in the accompanying form of proxy will vote
or withhold from voting the Shares represented by the proxy in accordance with
your instructions. If you do not specify a choice on any
given matter to be voted upon, your Shares will be voted in favour of such
matter. The proxy grants the proxyholder the discretion to vote on amendments to
or variations of matters identified in the Notice of Annual Meeting and with
respect to other matters that may properly come before the
Meeting.
     
    VOTING SHARES AND PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS

     
         As of the Record Date of April 13, 2010
we had 84,127,616 Shares issued and outstanding, each carrying the right to one
vote. On a show of hands, every individual who is present as a Registered
Shareholder or as a representative of one or more corporate Registered
Shareholders, or who is holding a proxy on behalf of a Registered Shareholder
who is not present at the Meeting, will have one vote, and on a poll, every
Registered Shareholder present in person or represented by proxy and every
person who is a representative of one or more corporate Registered Shareholders,
will have one vote for each Share recorded in the Registered Shareholder’s name
on the register of shareholders, which is available for inspection during normal
business hours at Computershare and will be available at the Meeting.

     
         As of the Record Date, to the knowledge
of our directors and executive officers, no person beneficially owns, controls
or directs, directly or indirectly, Shares carrying more than 10% of the voting
rights attached to all issued and outstanding Shares carrying the right to vote
in all circumstances. 
     
    15
     
    
    
    
    INTEREST OF CERTAIN PERSONS OR COMPANIES
IN MATTERS TO BE ACTED UPON 
     
         No one who has been a director or
executive officer of ours at any time since January 1, 2009, or any of his or
her associates or affiliates, has any material interest, direct or indirect, by
way of beneficial ownership of Shares or otherwise, in any matter to be acted on
at the Meeting other than the election of directors. 
     
    BOARD AND COMMITTEES
     
    BOARD COMPOSITION AND NOMINATION PROCESS

     
         Our Management Development, Nominating
& Compensation Committee ("MDNCC")
conducts an annual process under which an assessment is made of the skills,
expertise and competencies of the directors and is compared to our needs and the
needs of the Board. This process culminates in a recommendation to the Board of
individual nominee directors for election at our annual shareholders’ meeting.

     
         Directors are elected yearly at our
annual shareholders’ meeting and serve on the Board until the following annual
shareholders’ meeting, at which time they either stand for re-election or resign
from the Board. If no meeting is held, each director serves until his or her
successor is elected or appointed, unless the director resigns earlier. The
Board has established director resignation guidelines, which set out the
circumstances under which a director would be compelled to submit a resignation
or be asked to resign. 
     
    MAJORITY VOTING POLICY

     
         The Board has adopted a policy which
requires that any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes
"withheld" than "for" his or her election shall tender his or her resignation to
the Board following our annual shareholders’ meeting, to take effect immediately
upon acceptance by the Board. Upon receipt of such conditional resignation, the
Corporate Governance Committee will consider the matter and, as soon as
possible, make a recommendation to the full Board regarding whether or not such
resignation should be accepted. After considering the recommendation of the
Corporate Governance Committee, the Board will decide whether or not to accept
the tendered resignation and will, not later than 90 days after the annual
shareholders’ meeting, issue a press release which either confirms that they
have accepted the resignation or provides an explanation for why they have
refused to accept the resignation. The director tendering his or her resignation
will not participate in any meeting of the Board or the Corporate Governance
Committee at which the resignation is considered. Subject to any restrictions or
requirements contained in applicable corporate law or Ballard’s constating
documents, the Board may: (a) leave a resulting vacancy unfilled until the next
annual shareholders’ meeting; (b) appoint a replacement director whom the Board
considers merits the confidence of the shareholders; or (c) call a special
meeting of shareholders to elect a replacement director who may be a person
nominated by management. The policy does not apply in respect of any contested
shareholders’ meeting, which is any meeting of shareholders where the number of
nominees for director is greater than the number of directors to be
elected.
     
    BOARD MEETINGS 
     
         The Board meets on a regularly scheduled
basis and directors are kept informed of our operations at meetings of the Board
and its committees, and through reports by and discussions with management. In
2009, in-camera sessions were held after each regularly
scheduled Board meeting. The in-camera sessions consisted of all of the
independent directors without the presence of management. The Chair of the Board
chairs the in-camera session. In 2009, there were 5 regularly
scheduled meetings of the Board and 2 extraordinary meetings scheduled on short
notice in connection with changes to director remuneration and committee
membership; and the acquisition by the Corporation of a controlling interest in
Dantherm Power A/S. In addition, communications between the directors and
management occur apart from regularly scheduled Board and committee meetings.
The Board has set a minimum meeting attendance guideline of 70%. Non-compliance
with this guideline by a director is one of the factors considered in his or her
individual performance evaluation at the end of the year. 
     
    16
     
    
    
    
    COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

     
         The Board has established three standing
committees: (1) the Audit Committee; (2) the MDNCC; and (3) the Corporate
Governance Committee. Each committee has been delegated certain
responsibilities, performs certain advisory functions and either makes certain
decisions or makes recommendations to the Board. Each committee chair reports on
the activities of the committee to the Board following each committee meeting.
None of the members of these committees are current or former officers or
employees of ours, or any of our subsidiaries. 
     
         In July 2009, in support of the
Corporation's cost reduction initiatives, the Board decided to reduce the size
of the standing committees. This was accomplished by providing that committee
chairs no longer maintain membership on multiple committees. In order to
maintain an adequate quorum on the Corporate Governance Committee following the
departure of Mr. Kilroy from that Committee, Dr. Park joined the Committee at
that time. 
     
         The information below sets out the
members of each of our standing committees and indicates the number of meetings
that each committee held in 2009. After the Meeting, we will reconstitute all of
the committees to reflect the newly elected Board. 
     
    Audit Committee 
     
         The Audit Committee met 8 times during
the financial year ended December 31, 2009. The members in 2009 were Ian A.
Bourne, Edwin J. Kilroy (Chair), David B. Sutcliffe (ceased as of July 13,
2009), Mark A. Suwyn and Douglas W.G. Whitehead. All of the members of the Audit
Committee are independent of our management in accordance with the applicable
Canadian and United States securities laws and exchange requirements.

     
         For a more detailed description of the
Audit Committee or to see the Audit Committee’s mandate, a copy of which is
posted on our website, see the section entitled "Board Committees – Audit
Committee" in our Annual Information Form dated March 15, 2010, which section is
incorporated by reference into this Management Proxy Circular. 
     
    Management Development, Nominating &
Compensation Committee 
     
         The MDNCC met 6 times during the
financial year ended December 31, 2009. The members in 2009 were Ian A. Bourne,
Dr. C.S. Park, Dr. Geraldine B. Sinclair, David J. Smith (ceased as of July 13,
2009) and David B. Sutcliffe (Chair). All of the members of the MDNCC are
independent of our management in accordance with the applicable Canadian and
United States securities laws and exchange requirements.
     
         For a more detailed description of the
MDNCC or to see the MDNCC’s mandate, a copy of which is posted on our website,
see the section entitled "Board Committees – Management Development, Nominating
& Compensation
Committee" in our Annual Information Form dated March 15, 2010, which section is
incorporated by reference into this Management Proxy Circular. 
     
    Corporate Governance Committee

     
         The Corporate Governance Committee met 5
times during the financial year ended December 31, 2009. The members in 2009
were Ian A. Bourne, Dr. C.S. Park (joined as of July 13, 2009), Edwin J. Kilroy
(ceased as of July 13, 2009), Dr. Geraldine B. Sinclair and David J. Smith
(Chair). All of the members of the Corporate Governance Committee are
independent of our management in accordance with the applicable Canadian and
United States securities laws and exchange requirements.
     
         For a more detailed description of the
Corporate Governance Committee or to see the Corporate Governance Committee’s
mandate, a copy of which is posted on our website, see the section entitled
"Board Committees – Corporate Governance Committee" in our Annual Information
Form dated March 15, 2010, which section is incorporated by reference into this
Management Proxy Circular. 
     
    17
     
    
    
    
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
     
         Our Board and senior management consider
good corporate governance to be central to our effective and efficient
operation. We monitor corporate governance initiatives as they develop and
benchmark industry practices to ensure that we are in compliance with corporate
governance rules. 
     
         Our corporate governance practices are
reflected in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide for director
qualification standards, director responsibilities, the form and amount of
director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, management
succession planning and performance evaluation of the Board. A copy of the
Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found on our website. We have also
reviewed our internal control and disclosure procedures, and are satisfied that
they are sufficient to enable our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer to certify our interim and annual reports filed with Canadian securities
regulatory authorities, and to certify our annual reports filed with or
submitted to the SEC. 
     
         In addition, we have set up a process for
shareholders to communicate to the Board, the details of which can be found on
our website. A summary of shareholder feedback is provided to the Board through
a semi-annual report. 
     
         For a more detailed description of our
corporate governance policies and practices, see the section entitled "Corporate
Governance" in our Annual Information Form dated March 15, 2010, which section
is incorporated by reference into this Management Proxy Circular. 
     
    EQUITY BASED COMPENSATION
PLANS
     
         In 2009, the Corporation adopted two
equity-based compensation plans approved by our shareholders at the 2009 Annual
Meeting to supersede and replace the prior nine equity compensation plans as
follows: 
     
    
      

                           
    
            (a)
                    
            a
      consolidated share option plan (the "Option Plan") to supersede and replace four
      prior option plans; and
          
             
            
            
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            a
      consolidated share distribution plan (the "SDP") to supersede and replace five
      prior SDPs.
          
    
     
         Set out in Appendix "A" is a discussion
of the principal terms of the Option Plan. Set out in Appendix "B" is a
discussion of the principal terms of the SDP. 
     
         The Corporation also adopted a plan,
administered by an independent trustee, for the purchase of Ballard Shares on
the open market for the redemption of RSU awards (the “Market Purchase RSU
Plan”). The independent trustee makes these open market purchases through the
facilities of the TSX, and holds the purchased Shares in escrow until the
restriction period is complete and any performance criteria have been satisfied.
This plan is consistent with the overall move away from the historical practice
of using treasury shares for this purpose.
     
    COMPENSATION
     
    COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     
         This section of this Management Proxy
Circular contains a discussion of the elements of compensation earned by our
"Named Executive
Officers", who are
listed in the Summary Compensation Table below: John W. Sheridan (President and
Chief Executive Officer), Dave S. Smith(1)
(former Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer), Bruce Cousins(2)
(Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer), Noordin Nanji (former Vice President, Corporate Strategy and
Development), Christopher J. Guzy (Vice President and Chief Technical Officer)
and Michael Goldstein(3)
(Vice President and Chief
Commercial Officer).____________________
     
    
      

            (1)
                    
            Mr. Smith
      resigned as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on January 30,
      2009.
          
             
          
            (2)
            
            
            Mr. Cousins
      was appointed Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on April 6,
      2009.
          
             
          
            (3)
            
            
            Mr.
      Goldstein was appointed Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer on
      April 27, 2009. 
          
    
     
    18
     
    
    
    
    Objectives of Our Executive Compensation
Program 
     
         The structure of our executive
compensation program is designed to compensate and reward executives
appropriately for driving superior performance. For our Named Executive
Officers, a significant portion of their total direct compensation is "at risk"
and tied closely to the success of the Corporation’s short and long-term
objectives. "At risk" means that the executive will not realize value unless
specified goals, many of which are directly tied to the Corporation’s
performance, are achieved or the price at which our common shares are traded on
the TSX or NASDAQ appreciates. In 2009, these performance goals, and resulting
compensation awards, were largely focused on the Corporation’s key business
drivers including growing revenue, increasing product shipments, reducing
product costs, development of the FCgen™-1300 product and reducing annual
operating cash consumption. This compensation philosophy puts a strong emphasis
on pay for performance, and uses equity awards as a significant component in
order to correlate the long-term growth of shareholder value with management’s
most significant compensation opportunities. The strategic goals of the
Corporation are reflected in the incentive-based executive compensation programs
so that executives’ interests are aligned with shareholders interests.

     
    Philosophy and Objectives

     
         Our philosophy and objectives regarding
compensation are to: 
     
    
      

                           
    
            (a)
                    
            attract and
      retain experienced, qualified, capable executive officers by paying
      salaries which are competitive in the markets in which we compete for
      executive talent;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            motivate
      short and long-term performance by directly linking annual bonuses to
      performance; and 
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (c)
            
            
            link our
      executive officers' interests with those of our shareholders by providing
      our executive officers with equity-based compensation, requiring them to
      comply with minimum share ownership guidelines and build a sustained
      ownership position.
          
    
     
    How Executive Compensation is Determined

     
         The MDNCC is charged, on behalf of our
Board, with reviewing and approving executive officers’ benefit policies and
compensation plans, including our annual bonus plan and our long-term
equity-based compensation plans. As part of its mandate, the committee approves
and recommends to the Board the appointment of our executive officers. The
committee also reviews and approves the amount and form of their compensation,
their development and succession plans, and any significant organizational or
management changes. The committee retains independent compensation consultants
for professional advice and as a source of competitive market information. In
2009, the committee directly retained Towers Perrin to provide independent
compensation analysis and advice specifically related to Ballard executive
compensation items. The committee also seeks the advice and recommendations of
our President and Chief Executive Officer with respect to the compensation of
our other executive officers. The President and Chief Executive Officer does not
participate in the portions of the committee discussions that relate directly to
his personal compensation. 
     
    Executive Pay Mix and the Emphasis on "At
Risk" Pay 
     
         We place emphasis on performance by
having a significant proportion of our executive officers’ total annual
compensation linked to corporate and individual performance. For 2009, an
average of 55% of the annual compensation earned by each of our Named Executive
Officers(1)
came from "at risk",
variable, performance-related compensation containing inherent market
performance risk, where annual compensation includes base salary, annual bonus
and equity-based long-term incentives (including share options and
RSUs).____________________
     
    
      

            (1)
                    
            Mr. Smith
      was not included as a Named Executive Officer for the purposes of
      calculating “at risk” compensation, as he resigned as Vice President and
      Chief Financial Officer on January 30, 2009 and did not receive any
      variable, performance-related
compensation.
          
    
     
    19
     
    
    
    
    The Use of Benchmarking

     
         Our overall compensation objective is to
pay executives on average at the 50th percentile of the comparator group for
full achievement of performance goals. Over-achievement or under-achievement
will result in being over or under the average.
     
         In 2008, the MDNCC, working with Towers
Perrin, updated the comparator companies contained within the Corporation’s
compensation comparator group to better reflect the Corporation’s business size
and market focus following the divestment of the automotive business in January
2008. A new list of comparator companies was reviewed and accepted by the
committee, which selected the group of comparators ensuring a suitable mix of
Canadian and United States companies exhibiting a growth oriented mix of
revenues, employee base, asset base, market capitalization and market focus.
This comparator group comprised the primary source of compensation data for
review of the Corporation’s market competitiveness. The committee reviews the
composition of the comparator company list on an annual basis.
     
         The committee compares each executive
officer’s annual salary, target annual incentive bonus and long-term incentive
compensation value, both separately and in the aggregate, to amounts paid for
similar positions at comparator group companies. As noted above, the committee’s
practice is to target annual total direct compensation for each executive at
approximately the 50th percentile among the comparator group
companies. 
     
         The Corporation’s current comparator
group is:
     
    
      

            Canadian Companies(2)
                            
            United States
      Companies
          
            Gennum Corporation
            
            
            American Superconductor
    Corp.
          
            MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd.
            
            
            Clean Energy Fuels Corp.
          
            QLT Inc.
            
            
            Comverge Inc.
          
            Sierra Wireless Inc.
            
            
            Energy Conversion Devices Inc.
          
            Westport Innovations Inc.
            
            
            Evergreen Solar Inc.
          
            
            
            
            
            FuelCell Energy Inc.
          
            
            
            
            
            Maxwell Technologies
  Inc.
          
            
            
            
            
            PMC-Sierra Inc.
          
            
            
            
            
            Plug Power Inc.
          
            
            
            
            
            Power Integrations Inc.
          
    
    Current Executive Compensation Elements

     
         Our compensation program for our
executive officers has three primary components: 
     
    
      

                           
    
            (a)
                    
            annual
      salary;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            annual
      incentives (bonus); and
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (c)
            
            
            equity-based
      long-term incentives comprised of awards that may be issued under our
      Option Plan or under the Market Purchase RSU
Plan.
          
    
     
    Annual Salary 
     
         The MDNCC approves the annual salary of
our executive officers. Salary guidelines and salary adjustments for our
executive officers are considered with reference to: 
     
    
      

                           
    
            (a)
                    
            comparative
      market assessments performed by external compensation
    consultants;
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (2)
                    
            Xantrex
      Technology was removed from the Canadian comparator group in 2009
      following its acquisition by Schneider
Electric.
          
    
     
    20
     
    
    
    
    
                (b) the experience
and qualifications of each executive
officer;          (c) the
individual performance of each executive officer;
and          (d) the roles
and responsibilities of each executive officer. 
       
           The Corporation chooses to pay this
element of compensation, because the Corporation’s view is that a competitive
base salary is a necessary element for attracting and retaining qualified and
experienced executive talent. 
       
           The Corporation’s decisions about this
element of compensation and its annual level impacts decisions about the level
of target annual incentive an executive might receive, but only in the sense
that the incentive bonus target is set as a percentage of annual salary.

       
           In 2009, there were no annual salary
increases for the Named Executive Officers. As an austerity measure, in August
2009, the full-time Named Executive Officers voluntarily accepted a temporary
10% reduction in base salary, consistent with the Corporation's overall cost
reduction efforts.
       
      Annual Bonus for Executive Officers

       
           The MDNCC reviews and approves the annual
bonus for each executive officer based on the recommendations of our President
and Chief Executive Officer in accordance with the factors described in the
foregoing section. Ballard has historically paid the annual bonus in Shares or
in DSUs. Starting with 2009 performance awards, the Corporation commenced the
payment of annual bonuses for our Named Executive Officers in cash. This change
is consistent with the overall move away from the use of treasury shares for
compensation purposes and the changes approved by shareholders in 2009 related
to the consolidation and funding of the Corporation's share and option based
plans.
       
           The annual target bonus for executive
officers (excluding the President and Chief Executive Officer) was set at 70% of
base salary in 2009. This bonus target had been reduced in 2008 to 70% from 75%
in 2007 (this reduction followed a similar reduction in the target bonus level
of 5% from 2006 levels to better align annual incentive levels to market levels
relative to the Corporation’s comparator group). Each executive officer’s actual
2009 bonus was based on a combination of his individual performance and our
corporate performance relative to goals, as discussed below under the section
entitled "Methodology for Determining Annual Incentives". 
       
           The Corporation maintains an annual bonus
program in order to motivate short and long-term performance by directly linking
annual bonuses to the performance and progress of the Corporation. 
       
           The Corporation’s decisions about this
element of compensation do not directly affect decisions about any other element
of the Corporation’s compensation program. 
       
           For a full discussion of annual incentive
compensation for our President and Chief Executive Officer, see the section
entitled "Chief Executive Officer Compensation". The section below entitled
"Methodology for Determining Annual Incentives" applies equally to the President
and Chief Executive Officer as it does to the other executives. 
       
      Methodology for Determining Annual
Incentives

       
           The actual annual bonus for each
executive officer is determined by the MDNCC on the basis of the following
formula:
       
      annual base
salary x target bonus percentage x individual performance multiplier x corporate
multiplier. 
       
           The corporate multiplier is
determined by the MDNCC and approved by the Board with reference to achievement
against the corporate goals set out in a Corporate Performance Scorecard
approved by the MDNCC and the Board prior to the commencement of the year (in
December 2008 for the 2009 fiscal year). Each corporate performance goal on the
scorecard is assigned a relative weighting in terms of importance to annual
performance and growth of the Corporation, as well as a range of targeted
outcomes, such that below a certain performance level the contribution of that
goal to the overall corporate multiplier is zero. One of the goals set at the
start of the year related to Unit Shipments of FCgen™-1030 cogeneration stacks
to Ebara Ballard Corporation in Japan. Following the Corporation's strategic
decision in mid-year to exit the Ebara Ballard Corporation joint venture, the
Board decided to refine the performance criteria replacing the unit shipment
goal with a qualitative assessment of corporate performance based on preparing
for and implementing the Corporation's subsequent strategic decision to exit the
Ebara Ballard Corporation joint venture. 
       
      21 
       
      
      
      
            The 2009 Corporate Performance Scorecard
had 15 key elements. Goals related to the successful implementation of the Ebara
Ballard Joint Venture exit, Fuel Cell Cost Targets associated with the
FCgen™-1020ACS product, On-Time delivery of Manufacturing Orders, the EBITDA
target for our Carbon Fibre Materials division and Working Capital Targets were
all exceeded and received between 100% to 150% scoring in the overall corporate
multiplier.
       
           Targets related to FCgen™-1300 product
development goals and Fuel Cell Cost Targets associated with the
FCvelocity™-9SSL product were met and received between 90% to 100% scoring in
the overall corporate multiplier.
       
           Targets related to total Revenue, overall
EBITDA, Fuel Cell Shipments to the Back-Up Power and Material Handling markets,
Revenue and EBTIDA targets for the bus market segment, EBITDA target for the
supporting Automotive business segment, and Operation Cash Consumption were not
met and received 0% scoring in the overall corporate multiplier. 
       
           The overall corporate multiplier for
2009, as reviewed and agreed to by the MDNCC and the Board, based on achievement
relative to these corporate goals, was 53%.
       
           Given the nature of the corporate
performance multiplier, for any particular year the corporate performance
multiplier is not determined until our annual financial statements for that
particular financial year are complete. However, notwithstanding that the
corporate performance multiplier is not determined, and the annual bonus based
thereon is not paid until the first quarter following each particular financial
year, in our summary compensation table we report the annual bonus for each
particular financial year as if it had been determined and paid in the
particular financial year.
       
           A discussion of the annual base salary,
target bonus percentage and corporate multiplier components of this annual
incentive formula for each executive officer is set out above. The individual
performance multiplier is determined with reference to achievement against the
individual goals set for each executive officer, with an individual performance
multiplier greater than 100% being awarded for superior performance against
these goals, and an individual performance multiplier of less than 100% being
awarded for substandard performance against these goals. Individual goals are
set for individual executive officers by the Chief Executive Officer and are
based on agreed-upon objective/identifiable measures relative to their
respective functional accountabilities, which are aligned to the corporate
performance goals. Our Named Executive Officers’ individual performance
multipliers for 2009 ranged from 80% to 130%.
       
           Mr. Cousins was appointed Chief Financial
Officer on April 6, 2009. Mr. Cousins has met his overall performance goals for
his CFO role, related to financial operations, administration, investor
relations and information technology since the date of his appointment. In
addition he provided strong leadership on key initiatives including the
re-setting of the cost base and two key transactions to augment the Company’s
cash reserves (the Ford Share Purchase Agreement monetization and the head
office building sale-leaseback).
       
           Mr. Nanji’s role changed from the Chief
Customer Officer role that he held in 2008, with responsibilities for Sales,
Marketing and Business Development responsibilities, to a part-time, one year
transitional role that completed on December 31, 2009. This transitional role
was part of Mr. Nanji’s plan to leave Ballard after over 10 years of service, to
pursue new career opportunities. In his transitional role, he assisted the CEO
and the new Chief Commercial Officer on a number of projects, with a primary
focus on strategic matters, including the exit from the Ebara Ballard joint
venture business in Japan. He left the Company as planned on December 31,
2009.
       
           Mr. Guzy’s primary responsibilities for
2009, in his role of Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, were in
research programs, product development and project implementation. Research
programs met all key goals, including securing a significant increase in
external funding from government sources. While the major development programs,
including FCgen™-1300 product development and the BC Transit and First Energy
implementation activities were effectively executed, several milestones were
missed, largely related to external factors.
       
      22 
       
      
      
      
           Mr. Goldstein was appointed Vice
President and Chief Commercial Officer on April 27, 2009. Mr. Goldstein
initiated key programs in 2009 to build strong organizational capabilities,
enhanced sales training and funnel management processes and heightened the
business focus on distributed generation business opportunities. Other than
revenue results, which fell short of the goals due to the external environment,
key goals were delivered in 2009. In addition, Mr. Goldstein played a key role
in the architecture and negotiation of the Dantherm Power acquisition.

       
           Mr. Smith resigned as Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer on January 30, 2009 and did not receive an annual bonus
for 2009.
       
      Long Term Incentives 
       
           We provide our executive officers with
equity-based long-term incentives through the Option Plan, Market Purchase RSU
Plan and the SDP. These plans are designed to reinforce the connection between
executive officer remuneration and our performance by motivating and rewarding
participants for improving our long-term financial strength and enhancing
shareholder value, and also providing retention value to executives. With
respect to equity-based long-term compensation awards for our executive
officers, individual performance and future contribution expectations are taken
into account in determining the award. In 2009, the President and Chief
Executive Officer recommended to the MDNCC a value amount in dollars for each
Named Executive Officer which considered the previous comparator company study
by Towers Perrin, and the current share price and total options and shares
available for issuance under the Option Plan and SDP, which was approved for
each executive: see the amounts set out under “Share-Based Awards” and
“Option-Based Awards” in our Summary Compensation Table. Approximately 55% of
this value amount was then converted to RSUs at the then current market price by
dividing the dollar value by the closing share price on either the TSX or NASDAQ
on the award date. Approximately 45% of this value amount was converted to
options by dividing the dollar value by the Black-Scholes value of a Ballard
option on the award date. These options were then priced at the closing share
price on the day prior to the award date. 
       
           A new hire Long Term Incentive award
consisting of both options and RSUs was given to each Mr. Cousins and Mr.
Goldstein upon their appointment as executives to the Corporation in April
2009.
       
           This element of compensation and the
Corporation’s decisions about this element fit into the Corporation’s overall
compensation objectives in that they link our shareholders’ interests with those
of our executive officers by providing our executive officers with equity-based
compensation, and requiring them to comply with minimum share ownership
guidelines. 
       
           The Corporation’s decisions about this
element of compensation do not affect decisions about any other element of the
Corporation’s compensation. 
       
      Share Options 
       
           Share options are granted annually in
respect of approximately 50% of the long-term compensation to be provided to an
executive. As a result, previous grants of Share options are not generally taken
into account when making new grants. The actual number of Share options granted
is determined by dividing the dollar value of the portion of the long-term
incentive to be satisfied though an option grant by the Black-Scholes value of a
Ballard option on the award date. 
       
           Under our Option Plan: 
       
      
        

                         
    
              (a)
                    
              the exercise price of each option
      is determined by the Board, but must not be less than the closing price
      per Share on the TSX on the last trading day before the date the option is
      granted; and
            
              
              
               
            
              
              
              (b)
              
              
              each option may be exercised by the
      holder in respect of up to one-third of the Shares subject to the option
      on or after the first, second and third anniversary of the effective date
      of the option on a cumulative basis.
            
      
       
           Share options are typically granted
for a term of seven years. 
       
      23 
       
      
      
      
           As an austerity measure, reflecting the
economic climate and lower share price levels, the target dollar value of 2009
Share Options was reduced by approximately 30% from 2008 levels. 
       
      Restricted Share Units 
       
           Employees and executive officers are
eligible to receive new RSU awards under the Market Purchase RSU Plan, which
provides for vesting over periods of up to three years and awards may be subject
to certain performance criteria, as determined by the Board upon the
recommendation of the MDNCC. Redemption of these RSUs is satisfied with Shares
bought under the Market Purchase RSU Plan.
       
           The amount of the long-term incentive
that is awarded to each executive officer is typically determined in the first
quarter of each financial year, in conjunction with the determination of that
executive officer’s annual bonus for the prior financial year. Since the
long-term incentive is tied to future (as opposed to past) corporate
performance, in our summary compensation table we report the grant of the
long-term incentive in the “Share-Based Awards” column and the “Option-Based
Awards” column for the particular year in which they were actually granted. The
year-end values of unexercised or unvested Share options and RSUs, and the
vesting during the year of Share options and RSUs are reported in the tables
under the heading “Incentive Plan Awards”. 
       
      New Issuances 
       
           As an austerity measure, reflecting the
economic climate and lower share price levels, the target dollar value of 2009
RSU awards was reduced by approximately 30% from 2008 levels. 
       
           On March 23, 2009, 203,500 RSUs were
issued to all then full-time Named Executive Officers, including the President
and Chief Executive Officer. For all our executive officers who received an
award on that date, the RSU awards included a performance criteria achievement
goal of a minimum corporate multiplier in 2009 of 75% (see the section above
entitled "Methodology for Determining Annual Incentives" for a description of
the determination of the 2009 corporate multiplier).
       
           During 2009, to better align executive
compensation with long-term performance and shareholder interests, the MDNCC and
Board decided to move from awarding RSU grants with first-year performance
criteria to RSU grants with multi-year performance criteria. RSU performance
criteria now apply across all 3 years of the award, with partial vesting of
awards in each year subject to meeting the required performance criteria. This
new methodology was applied to these 2009 awards and the Corporation intends to
apply this methodology to future awards. As the 2009 performance criteria
(minimum corporate multiplier in 2009 of 75%) was not achieved, the first third
of these awards expired and will not be redeemed. 
       
           Mr. Cousins and Mr. Goldstein each
received a grant of RSUs as part of their new hire award. These RSU awards were
subject to time vesting only over 3 years. Mr. Cousins received 57,142 RSUs on
April 30, 2009 and Mr. Goldstein received 59,829 RSUs on May 5, 2009.

       
      Redemptions
       
           On March 4, 2009, 35,730 RSUs reached the
end of their restriction period and after statutory withholdings, 20,116 RSUs
were redeemed into Shares, representing one-third of the 2008 annual RSU
long-term incentive award granted to Mr. Sheridan on May 12, 2008 and to Mr.
Guzy, and Mr. Nanji on February 21, 2008. These RSUs were redeemed into Shares
following the Board’s confirmation that the performance criteria (>75%
achievement of the corporate multiplier in 2008) was met. The remaining
two-thirds of the RSU award will be issued to each executive officer in 2010 and
2011, provided they remain employed by the Corporation on the respective
redemption dates. Also on March 4, 2009, 24, 286 RSUs reached the end of their
restriction period and after statutory withholdings, 13,673 RSUs were redeemed
into Shares, representing one-third of the 2007 annual RSU long-term incentive
award to Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Guzy and Mr. Nanji, the performance criteria already
having been met. 
       
           On March 9, 2009, 183,553 RSUs reached
the end of their restriction period and after statutory withholdings,103,340
RSUs were redeemed into Shares to Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Guzy and Mr. Nanji upon
completion of the time period and satisfactory completion of the performance
criteria related to RSUs awarded to these executives in March 2006. The awards
were three-year cliff vesting awards that required satisfaction of Operating
Cash Consumption targets in each of 2006, 2007 and 2008. The MDNCC and the Board
evaluated achievement against the established target and authorized the
redemption of the RSUs into Shares. 
       
      24 
       
      
      
      
           As approved by the Board, as part of his
transition plan, Mr. Nanji had the remaining 20,235 RSUs issued to him in 2007
and 2008 redeemed into 11,392 Shares (net of statutory withholdings) on August
27, 2009, the performance criteria already having been met. 
       
      Chief Executive Officer Compensation

       
           Mr. Sheridan was appointed President and
CEO by the Board on February 22, 2006. When appointed, his base salary at that
time was fixed at US$506,402(3) per year. The CEO base salary has been
frozen since that time, other than a 10% voluntary temporary reduction in
August, 2009. This base salary reduction from August until year end 2009, was
volunteered as an austerity measure in support of cost reduction initiatives
that were being implemented across the Company.
       
           Mr. Sheridan is entitled to receive an
RRSP contribution (US$20,065(4) in 2009), but changes to the corporate
RRSP program will mean a relative reduction by 50% of this benefit in 2010 and
require a matching contribution from Mr. Sheridan). Mr. Sheridan is also
entitled to receive company paid insurance premiums (US$1,931(5) in 2009). 
       
           Mr. Sheridan’s target bonus for
2009, as detailed below was equal to 90% of his annual base salary. This level
of target bonus has been reduced from 100% in 2007. Mr. Sheridan’s bonus for
2009 was determined by the MDNCC on the basis of corporate financial and
operational performance reflected in the Corporate Performance Scorecard rating,
plus performance relative to the CEO’s individual goals for 2009, as approved by
the Board. The goals and the respective performance achievement are outlined
below. 
      
        Development of comprehensive strategic
  plan, with trajectory & enabling key performance indicators for EBITDA
  break-even in near term & strong EBITDA growth in the medium term.
  This goal was met,
  as reflected in the 2009 Strategic Plan and 2010 Annual Operating Plan,
  approved by the Board. 
          
        Resolution of Ebara Ballard joint
  venture strategic issues, with respect to investment, customer and partner
  alignment. This
  goal was met, with the smooth exit from the problematic Ebara Ballard joint
  venture, with no financial encumbrances and the retention of key business
  relationships.   
          
        Strengthen leadership through
  recruitment of Chief Commercial Officer & Chief Financial Officer,
  targeted development & succession planning initiatives.
  This goal was met
  with successful transitions with respect to key executive departures, new
  executive appointments and the refinement of succession plans and other
  initiatives. 
          
        Navigation of macroeconomic crises,
  through mitigation & exploitation plans, for unfolding risks &
  opportunities. This
  goal was exceeded, through the identification and delivery of key new
  initiatives that strengthened Ballard’s balance sheet and the Company’s growth
  capabilities. This included achievements relative to re-setting the Company’s
  cost base, monetization of the Ford Share Purchase Agreement, the
  sale-leaseback transaction, and the Dantherm Power acquisition.

      
           These individual goals were purposely not
weighted in advance so that the Board could retain the flexibility to assess the
overall individual performance of Mr. Sheridan after reviewing all aspects of
performance for the full year, without the constraint of a pre-set weighting on
any particular goal. ____________________
       
      
        

              (3)
                    
              Mr. Sheridan’s
      salary is payable in Canadian dollars (C$530,000) and was converted into
      United States dollars for the purpose of the disclosure above using the
      Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31, 2009. 
            
              (4)
              
              
              RRSP
      contribution was paid in Canadian dollars (C$21,000) and was converted
      into United States dollars for the purpose of the disclosure above using
      the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31, 2009.
  
            
              (5)
              
              
              Insurance
      premiums were paid in Canadian dollars (C$2,021) and were converted into
      United States dollars for the purpose of the disclosure above using the
      Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31, 2009.
  
            
      
       
      25 
       
      
      
      
           After assessing the above achievements
relative to the goals, the Board approved an individual performance multiplier
of 140%. Applying this individual multiplier and the corporate multiplier of 53%
(determined in accordance with the corporate multiplier methodology set
forth in the section entitled "Methodology for Determining Annual Incentives"),
to Mr. Sheridan’s target bonus for 2009 of 90% of base salary, resulted in a
bonus payment to Mr. Sheridan of US$338,175(6) for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2009. 
       
           The total value of Mr. Sheridan's
compensation in 2009 was US$1,169,163. 
       
           On March 4, 2009, the Board approved the
recommendation by the MDNCC and Mr. Sheridan was granted a long-term incentive
award, equivalent at the time of grant to a total value of US$299,492. On March
5, 2009 a total of US$115,242 was converted to options in respect of 177,295
Shares (at an exercise price of CDN$1.34 per Share). On March 23, 2009,
following the establishment of the Market Purchase RSU Plan, Mr. Sheridan
received a RSU award of US$184,250 (137,500 RSUs at a price of CDN$1.40 per
Share). These awards formed Mr. Sheridan’s 2009 long-term incentive package, and
the overall value and equity mix was approved by the MDNCC and the Board
following consultations with Towers Perrin. Consistent with other Named
Executive Officers, the RSU award had performance criteria and time vesting as
described above in the Restricted Share Units – New Issuances section, and the
share options were granted with a 7-year term, with one-third of the options
vesting at the end of each of the first three years. 
       
      Termination and Change of Control
Benefits 
       
           For a description of the termination and
change of control benefits under Ballard's employee contracts and equity
compensation plans for the President & CEO and other Named Executive
Officers, see the section entitled "Termination and Change of Control Benefits"
below. 
       
      Perquisites 
       
           In addition to cash and equity
compensation, the Corporation provides Named Executive Officers with certain
personal benefits, consistent with similar benefits coverage within the
comparator group. These benefits include a car allowance, medical benefits
program, long and short-term disability coverage, life insurance, an annual
medical and a financial planning allowance. 
       
      Retirement Benefits 
       
           In 2009, each Named Executive Officer
received an RRSP contribution from the Corporation, equal to the maximum amount
allowable under the Income Tax Act
(Canada). In 2009,
this amount was US$20,065(7), pro-rated for Mr. Cousins, Mr. Smith
and Mr. Goldstein based on the portion of the full year they were employed by
the Corporation. None of the Named Executive Officers participate in a
Corporation-sponsored Defined Benefits Plan, Defined Contribution Plan, or
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, nor do they receive contributions to any
such plan on their behalf from the Corporation. In 2009, the Corporation made
changes to its overall RRSP program for 2010 and beyond. Moving forward, each
executive will be required to make a matching contribution to receive an RRSP
benefit. As a result of these changes, the maximum benefit each executive can
receive is up to 50% of the maximum amount allowable under the Income Tax Act
(Canada), based on
the executive making an equal matching contribution. 
       
      Total Executive Officer Compensation

       
           The total value of the compensation of
the Chief Executive Officer together with all of the other Named Executive
Officers (as defined below in the section entitled "Executive Compensation") was
US$3,842,113(8).
      ____________________
       
      
        

              (6)
                    
              Mr. Sheridan’s bonus was paid in
      Canadian dollars (C$353,934) and was converted into United States dollars
      for the purpose of this disclosure using the Bank of Canada noon rate of
      exchange on December 31, 2009.
            
              (7)
              
              
              RRSP contributions were paid in
      Canadian dollars (C$21,000) and were converted into United States dollars
      for the purpose of the disclosure above using the Bank of Canada noon rate
      of exchange on December 31, 2009.
            
              (8)
              
              
              The majority of compensation was
      paid in Canadian dollars and the aggregate amount paid was converted into
      United States dollars for the purpose of the disclosure above using the
      Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
  2009.
            
      
       
      26 
       
      
      
      
      Minimum Share Ownership
Guidelines
       
           We established executive officer minimum
share ownership guidelines in 2003, which obligate each executive officer to own
a minimum number of our Shares. Those guidelines were modified by our Board in
December 2007 to increase the minimum share ownership requirements for our
executive officers. 
       
           For current executive officers other than
the President and Chief Executive Officer, a new minimum share ownership
guideline(9) was established requiring the executive
officers to acquire a number of Shares, equal to the lesser of: 
       
      
        

                         
    
              (a)
                     
              the number of Shares with a fair
      market value equal to the executive officer’s annual base salary;
    or
            
              
              
               
            
              
              
              (b)
              
              
              35,300
Shares.
            
      
       
           In 2006, the policy for the President and
Chief Executive Officer was reviewed and the equity ownership requirement for
the President and Chief Executive Officer was increased such that the minimum
share ownership guideline is equal to the lesser of: 
       
      
        

                         
    
              (a)
                     
              the number of Shares that have a
      fair market value of three times the President and Chief Executive
      Officer’s base salary; or
            
              
              
               
            
              
              
              (b)
              
              
              181,903
Shares.
            
      
       
           For the purposes of this section, the
"fair market value" is defined as the closing price of our Shares as listed on
the TSX on the date of review of the guideline. All executive officers have met
or are on track to achieve the applicable guidelines. ____________________
       
      
        

              (9)
                     
              For executive
      officers other than the President and Chief Executive Officer who were
      employed as at December 2007, the time for acquiring the new minimum share
      ownership level has been extended by three years for a total of eight
      years. For executive officers hired after December, 2007, the minimum
      number of Shares must be acquired over a five-year period. For the
      President and Chief Executive Officer, the share acquisition period is
      five years from the date of hire.
            
      
       
      27 
       
      
      
      
      PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
       
           The following graph compares the total
cumulative return to a shareholder who invested $100 in our Shares on December
31, 2004, assuming reinvestment of dividends, with the total cumulative return
of $100 on the NASDAQ Composite Index for the last five years. 
       
       
       
      
        

              
              
                   
              2004 (Dec 31)
                   
              2005 (Dec 31)
                   
              2006 (Dec 31)
                   
              2007 (Dec 31)
                   
              2008 (Dec 31)
                   
              2009 (Dec 31)
            
              
              
              
              
              ($)
              
              
              ($)
              
              
              ($)
              
              
              ($)
               
              ($)
              
              
              ($)
            
              Ballard
              
              
              100
               
              62
              
              
              84
              
              
              78
              
              
              17
               
              28
            
              NASDAQ
              
              
              100
              
              
              101
               
              111
               
              122
              
              
              72
              
              
              104
            
              Composite
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
               
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
            
              Index
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
            
      
           The trend shown by this graph does not
reflect the trend in the Corporation’s compensation to its Named Executive
Officers. 
       
      28 
       
      
      
      
      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

       
           The following table summarizes the
compensation paid for the fiscal years ended on December 31, 2008 and December
31, 2009 to our Named Executive Officers(1). The 2008 compensation figures have been
restated using the same foreign exchange rate as the 2009 figures to provide a
meaningful year-on-year comparison.
       
      
        

              Summary Compensation
      Table 
            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              Long-Term
    Incentives
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              Share-Based 
              Option-Based
              All Other
              Total
            
              Name and Principal
              
              
              Salary(4)
              Bonus(5)
              Awards(6)
    
              Awards(7)
              Compensation(8)
              Compensation
            
              Position
              Year
              (US$)
              (US$) 
              (US$) 
              (US$)
              (US$)
              (US$)
            
              John W. Sheridan(2)
              2009
              488,872
              338,175
              184,250
              115,242
              42,624
              1,169,163
            
              President and Chief Executive
              2008
              506,402
              650,827
              1,670,264 (9) 
              238,861
              45,910
              3,112,264
            
              Officer
              
              
               
              
              
              
              
              
              
               
               
            
              Bruce Cousins(3)
              2009
              194,807
              107,142
              133,714
              206,500
              57,365
              699,528
            
              Vice President and Chief
              2008
              0
              0
              0
              0
              0
              0
            
              Financial Officer
              
              
              
              
              
              
               
               
              
              
              
              
            
              Dave S. Smith(3)
              2009
              39,873
              0
              0
              0
              33,767
              73,640
            
              Former Vice President and
              2008
              296,197
              211,485
              114,567
              114,468
              49,229
              785,946
            
              Chief Financial Officer
               
              
              
               
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
            
              Noordin Nanji
              2009
              245,880
              132,007
              0
              0
              88,504
              466,391
            
              Former Vice President,
              2008
              284,437
              200,456
              114,567
              114,468
              39.009
              752,937
            
              Corporate Strategy and
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
            
              Development
              
              
              
              
               
               
              
              
              
              
              
              
            
              Christopher J. Guzy
              2009
              285,945
              87,911
              88,440
              55,316
              40,981
              558,593
            
              Chief Technical Officer
              2008
              296,197
              274,931
              114,567
              114,468
              57,553
              857,716
            
              Michael Goldstein
              2009
              217,848
              116,742
              134,017
              211,750
              194,441
              874,798
            
              Vice President and Chief
              2008
              0
              0
              0
              0
              0
              0
            
              Commercial Officer
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
               

            
      ____________________ 
      
        

              (1)
                   
              Glenn Kumoi departed as Vice
      President, Human Resources, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
      effective August 14, 2009. His total compensation for 2009, including his
      lump sum severance payment was $630,235 converted into United States
      dollars using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
      2009.
            
               
            
              (2)
              
              
              Mr. Sheridan is also a director,
      but receives no compensation for his service as a director.
            
               
            
              (3)
              
              
              Mr. Smith resigned as Vice
      President and Chief Financial Officer effective January 30, 2009. Jay
      Murray was appointed Acting Chief Financial Officer effective January 30,
      2009 following Mr. Smith’s resignation. Bruce Cousins was appointed Vice
      President & Chief Financial Officer effective April 6,
  2009.
            
               
            
              (4)
              
              
              Salary of each of the Named
      Executive Officers was paid in Canadian dollars. The Canadian dollar
      amounts for 2009 were C$511,654, C$203,885, C$41,731, C$257,337, C$299,270
      and C$228,000 for Messrs. Sheridan, Cousins, Smith, Nanji, Guzy and
      Goldstein, respectively. Note that each full-time Named Executive Officer
      voluntarily accepted a temporary 10% base salary cut starting in August
      2009. The Canadian dollar amounts for 2008 were C$530,000, C$310,000,
      C$297,692, C$310,000 for Messrs. Sheridan, Smith, Nanji and Guzy,
      respectively. The Canadian dollar amounts were converted into United
      States dollars for the purpose of the table above using the Bank of Canada
      noon rate of exchange on December 31, 2009.
            
               
            
              (5)
              
              
              The bonus of each of the Named
      Executive Officers was paid in Canadian dollars. The Canadian dollar
      amounts for 2009 were C$353,934, C$112,135, C$0, C$138,159, C$92,008 and
      C$122,183 for Messrs. Sheridan, Cousins, Smith, Nanji, Guzy and Goldstein,
      respectively. The Canadian dollar amounts for 2008 were C$681,156,
      C$221,340, C$209,797 and C$287,743 for Messrs. Sheridan, Smith, Nanji and
      Guzy, respectively. The Canadian dollar amounts were converted into United
      States dollars for the purpose of the table above using the Bank of Canada
      noon rate of exchange on December 31, 2009.
            
               
            
              (6)
              
              
              Represents the total fair market
      value of RSUs issued to each Named Executive Officer during the 2008 and
      2009 fiscal years. This amount is based on the grant date fair market
      value of the award, which equals the closing price of the Shares on the
      TSX on the date of issuance of the award. Fair value is determined in
      accordance with Section 3870 of the CICA Handbook (accounting fair value)
      is recorded as compensation expense in the statement of operations on a
      straight-line basis over vesting periods of one to three years. There is
      no difference in Canadian dollars between the grant date fair market value
      of the award and the accounting fair value. The Canadian dollar amounts
      were converted into United States dollars for the purpose of the table
      above using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
      2009.
            
               
            
               
              
              
              As noted above, a dollar value is
      approved for the long term incentive awarded to each executive and 55% of
      this amount is awarded in the form of RSUs with the remaining 45% being
      awarded in the form of Share options in 2009. In 2008, 50% of this amount
      was awarded in the form of RSUs with the remaining 50% being awarded in
      the form of Share options. The number of RSUs awarded is equal to the
      dollar amount of the award divided by the fair market value of the Shares
      at the time of issuance (based on the closing price of the Shares on the
      TSX on the date of issuance). The number of RSUs issued to each Named
      Executive Officer in respect of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2008
      and December 31, 2009 is as follows:
            
      
       
      29 
       
      
      
      
      
        

              
              
              
              
              
              
              Fair Market Value
              
              
            
              Named Executive
              
              
              RSUs
              of a Share
              Total
            
              Officer
              Year
              (#)
              (US$)(A)
              (US$)
            
              John W. Sheridan
              2009
              137,500
              1.34
              184,250
            
              
              
              2008
              419,664
              3.98
              1,670,264
            
              Bruce Cousins
              2009
              57,143
              2.34
              133,714
            
              
              
              2008
              0
              0
              0
            
              Dave S. Smith
              2009
              0
              0
              0
            
              
              
              2008
              23,622
              4.85
              114,567
            
              Noordin Nanji
              2009
              0
              0
              0
            
              
              
              2008
              23,622
              4.85
              114,567
            
              Christopher J. Guzy
              2009
              66,000
              1.34
              88,440
            
              
              
              2008
              23,622
              4.85
              114,567
            
              Michael Goldstein
              2009
              59,829
              2.24
              134,017
            
              
              
              2008
              0
              0
              0
            
      
      
        

              _______________________
            
               
               
               
            
              (A)
                   
              The fair market value of a Share
      has been calculated using the Canadian dollar closing price of the Shares
      underlying the RSUs on the TSX on the date of issuance. The Canadian
      dollar amounts were converted to United States dollars for the purpose of
      this disclosure using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December
      31, 2009.
            
              
              
              
              
               

            
      
      
        

              (7)
                   
              Represents the total of the fair
      market value of options to purchase our Shares issued under the Option
      Plan granted to each Named Executive Officer during each fiscal year.
      There were no options that were amended or modified during 2008 or 2009.
      This amount is based on the grant date fair market value of the award
      determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model using the following key
      assumptions: expected life of 5 years, expected volatility of 60% and risk
      free interest rate of 2% for 2009 and expected life of 7 years, expected
      volatility of 46% and risk free interest rate of 4% for 2008. Accounting
      fair value is recorded as compensation expense in the statement of
      operations on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. There is no
      difference in Canadian dollars between the grant date fair market value of
      the award determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model and
      accounting fair value determined in accordance with s.3870 of the CICA
      Handbook (accounting fair value). The Canadian dollar amounts were
      converted into United States dollars for the purpose of the table above
      using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
    2009.
            
                
            
               
              
              
              As noted above, a dollar value is
      approved for the long term incentive awarded to each executive and 55% of
      this amount is awarded in the form of RSUs with the remaining 45% being
      awarded in the form of Share options. In 2008, 50% of this amount was
      awarded in the form of RSUs with the remaining 50% being awarded in the
      form of Share options. The number of Share options awarded is equal to the
      dollar amount of the award divided by the fair market value of the Shares
      at the time of issuance (based on the closing trading price of the Shares
      on the TSX on the day prior to issuance). The number of Share options
      issued to each Named Executive Officer in respect of the fiscal years
      ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2009 is as
  follows:
            
      
      
        

                
            
              Option-Based
  Awards
            
              
              
               
              
              
              Black-Scholes Value of
      Shares
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              Shares Under
              Underlying Options on Date
      of
              
              
            
              Named Executive
              
              
              Options
              Grant
              Fair Market
  Value
            
              Officer
              Year
              (#)
              (US$/Share)(A)
              (US$)
            
              John W. Sheridan
              2009
              177,295
              0.65
              115,242
            
              
              
              2008
              123,762
              1.93
              238,861
            
              Bruce Cousins
              2009
              175,000
              1.18
              206,500
            
              
              
              2008
              0
              0
              0
            
              Dave S. Smith
              2009
              0
              0
              0
            
              
              
              2008
              42,553
              2.69
              114,468
            
              Noordin Nanji
              2009
              0
              0
              0
            
              
              
              2008
              42,553
              2.69
              114,468
            
              Christopher J. Guzy
              2009
              85,101
              0.65
              55,316
            
              
              
              2008
              42,553
              2.69
              114,468
            
              Michael Goldstein
              2009
              175,000
              1.21
              211,750
            
              
              
              2008
              0
              0
              0
            
      
      
        

              _______________________
            
               
               
               
            
              (A)
                   
              The fair market value of a Share
      has been calculated using the Canadian dollar closing price of the Shares
      underlying the options on the TSX on the date of issuance. The Canadian
      dollar amounts were converted into United States dollars for the purpose
      of this disclosure using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on
      December 31, 2009.
            
               
  
            
      
      
        

              (8)
                   
              All Other Compensation was actually
      paid in Canadian dollars. The Canadian dollar amounts for 2009 were
      C$44,610, C$60,038, C$35,341, C$92,628, C$42,890 and C$203,501 for Messrs.
      Sheridan, Cousins, Smith, Nanji, Guzy and Goldstein, respectively. The
      Canadian dollar amounts for 2008 were C$48,051, C$51,524, C$40,828 and
      C$60,235 for Messrs. Sheridan, Smith, Nanji and Guzy, respectively. The
      Canadian dollar amounts were converted into United States dollars for the
      purpose of the table above using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange
      on December 31, 2009.
            
      
       
      30 
       
      
      
      
      The value of the
items included in this amount was based on the aggregate incremental cash cost
to the Corporation. All Other Compensation, including the type and amount of
each perquisite, the value of which exceeds 25% of the total value of
perquisites reported for a Named Executive Officer, includes: 
       
      
        

              All Other
    Compensation
            
              Named Executive
              
              
              RRSP Contribution
              Insurance Premiums
              Other(B)
              Total
            
              Officer
              Year
              (US$)(A)
              (US$)(A)
              (US$)
              (US$)
            
              John W. Sheridan
              2009
              20,065
              1,931
              20,628
              42,624
            
              
              
              2008
              19,109
              1,819
              24,982
              45,910
            
              Bruce Cousins
              2009
              15,049
              681
              41,635
              57,365
            
              
              
              2008
              0
              0
              0
              0
            
              Dave S. Smith
              2009
              1,672
              193
              31,902
              33,767
            
              
              
              2008
              19,109
              1,092
              29,028
              49,229
            
              Noordin Nanji
              2009
              20,065
              819
              67,620
              88,504
            
              
              
              2008
              19,109
              772
              19,128
              39,009
            
              Christopher J. Guzy
              2009
              20,065
              819
              20,097
              40,981
            
              
              
              2008
              19,109
              772
              37,672
              57,553
            
              Michael Goldstein
              2009
              13,544
              546
              180,351
              194,441
            
              
              
              2008
              0
              0
              0
              0
            
      
      
        

              _______________________
            
              
              
              
              
                
            
              (A)
                  
    
              The amounts in this table were paid
      in Canadian dollars and have been converted into United States dollars
      using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31, 2009. The
      Canadian dollar amounts of the RRSP Contribution paid in 2009 in respect
      of each of the Named Executive Officers was C$21,000, pro-rated for Mr.
      Cousins, Mr. Smith and Mr. Goldstein based on the portion of the full year
      they were employed by the Corporation. The Canadian dollar amounts of the
      RRSP Contribution paid in 2008 in respect of each of the Named Executive
      Officers was C$20,000.
            
               
              
              
               
            
               
              
              
              The Canadian dollar amounts of
      insurance premiums paid in 2009 were C$2,021, C$713, C$202,
      C$857, C$857 and C$571 for Messrs.
      Sheridan, Cousins, Smith, Nanji, Guzy and Goldstein, respectively. The
      Canadian dollar amounts of insurance premiums paid in 2008 were C$1,904,
      C$1,143, C$808 and C$808 for Messrs. Sheridan, Smith, Nanji and Guzy,
      respectively. The Canadian dollar amounts of “other” compensation paid in
      2009 were C$21,589, C$43,575, C$33,389, C$70,771, C$21,033 and C$188,755
      for Messrs. Sheridan, Cousins, Smith, Nanji, Guzy and Goldstein,
      respectively. The Canadian dollar amounts of “other” compensation paid in
      2008 were C$26,147, C$30,381, C$20,020 and C$39,427 for Messrs. Sheridan,
      Smith, Nanji and Guzy, respectively.
            
               
            
              (B)
              
              
              Includes automobile allowances,
      temporary living and travel allowances, financial planning services and
      medical and health benefits. Mr. Goldstein’s amount in 2009 includes a
      one-time signing bonus of C$150,000. Mr. Nanji’s amount in 2009 includes a
      special one-time cash payment of C$46,400 which was an incentive connected
      with the 18 month transition period of his
employment.
            
      
      
        

              
              
              
              
               
            
              (9)
                   
              In addition to the grant of 59,952
      RSUs awarded to Mr. Sheridan in accordance with the Corporation’s usual
      practices for annual long-term incentives awards, the Board approved a
      recommendation by the MDNCC to award Mr. Sheridan a special, one-time
      three-year RSU award designed to retain and provide incentive to Mr.
      Sheridan through mid-2011. This three-year award, issued on May 12, 2008
      had an award value at grant of US$1,431,655 (359,712 RSUs at a price of
      US$3.98 per share) with a three-year cliff vesting provision that requires
      Mr. Sheridan to continue to be employed by Ballard until that date in
      order to receive the full award. The special RSU award was based on a
      Canadian dollar amount (C$1.5 million) which has been converted into
      United States dollars using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on
      December 31, 2009.
            
      
       
      INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS

       
           The following table sets forth all
option-based and share-based awards granted to our Named Executive Officers that
are outstanding as of December 31, 2009.
       
      31 
       
      
      
      
      Outstanding Share-Based Awards and
Option-Based Awards(as of December 31, 2009) 
       
      
        

              
              
               Option-Based
Awards
              Share-Based
  Awards
            
              
              
              Number of 
              
              
              
              
              Value of
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              Securities 
              
              
              
              
              Unexercised
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              Underlying 
              Option 
              
              
              In-The-
              Number of RSUs
              Market or
Payout
            
              
              
              Unexercised 
              Exercise 
              Option
              Money
              That Have Not
              Value of RSUs
  That
            
              Named Executive
              Options 
              Price(1)
              Expiration
              Options(2)
              Vested
              Have Not Vested(3)
            
              Officer
              (#) 
              (US$) 
              Date
              (US$)
              (#)
              (US$)
            
              John W. Sheridan
              6,000 
              84.56 
              May 17,
      2011
              0
              552,491
              1,050,503
            
              
              
              2,500 
              41.85 
              Nov. 30,
      2011
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              6,000 
              37.02 
              May 16,
      2012
              0
               
              
              
            
              
              
              76,713(4)
    
              7.45 
              Feb. 23,
      2014
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              123,762(5)
    
              3.98 
              May 13,
      2015
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              177,295(6)
    
              1.28 
              Mar. 5,
      2016
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              175,000 
              6.86 
              Mar. 8,
      2016
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              Dave S. Smith(7)
              0
    
              N/A
              N/A
              N/A
              0
              N/A
            
              Bruce Cousins
              175,000(6)
    
              2.18 
              Apr. 30,
      2016
              0
              57,143
              108,651
            
              Noordin Nanji(8)
              60,000 
              6.86 
              Jan. 30,
      2010
              0
              0
              N/A
            
              
              
              22,484 
              7.45 
              Jan. 30,
      2010
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              42,553 
              4.85 
              Jan. 30,
      2010
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              Christopher J.
              22,484(9)
    
              7.45 
              Feb. 23,
      2014
              0
              86,236
              163,968
            
              Guzy
              40,000 
              7.60 
              Feb. 1,
      2015
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              42,553(10)
    
              4.85 
              Feb. 22,
      2015
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              35,000 
              7.23 
              Mar. 2,
      2015
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              85,101(6)
    
              1.28 
              Mar. 5,
      2016
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              60,000 
              6.86 
              Mar. 8,
      2016
              0
              
              
              
              
            
              Michael Goldstein
              175,000(6)
    
              2.24 
              May 5,
      2016
              0
              59,829
              113,759
            
      ____________________ 
      
        

              (1)
                   
              All figures are in United States
      dollars. Where options are exercisable in Canadian dollars, the exercise
      price has been converted to United States dollars using the Bank of Canada
      noon rate of exchange on December 31, 2009.
            
               
            
              (2)
              
              
              This amount is based on the
      difference between the closing price of the Shares underlying the options
      on the TSX as at December 31, 2009, and the exercise price of the option
      converted to United States dollars using the Bank of Canada noon rate of
      exchange on December 31, 2009. Where the difference is a negative number
      the value is deemed to be 0.
            
               
            
              (3)
              
              
              This amount is calculated by
      multiplying the number of RSUs that have not vested by the closing price
      of the Shares underlying the RSUs on the TSX as at December 31, 2009. It
      has then been converted to United States dollars for the purpose of this
      disclosure using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
      2009. The Canadian dollar amounts were C$1,099,457, C$113,714, C$0, C$0,
      C$171,609 and C$119,060 for Messrs. Sheridan, Cousins, Smith, Nanji, Guzy
      and Goldstein, respectively.
            
               
            
               
              
              
              Such amounts may not represent the
      actual value of the RSUs which ultimately vest, as the value of the Shares
      underlying the RSUs may be of greater or lesser value and/or the exchange
      rate may be higher or lower on vesting. However, given that it would be
      not be feasible for the Corporation to estimate, with any certainty, the
      market value of its Shares or the exchange rate on vesting, the
      Corporation has used the market value and exchange rate at the end of the
      most recently completed financial year for the purpose of calculating the
      amount disclosed.
            
               
            
              (4)
              
              
              Comprising 51,142 vested and 25,571
      unvested options.
            
               
            
              (5)
              
              
              Comprising 41,254 vested and 82,508
      unvested options.
            
               
            
              (6)
              
              
              Unvested options.
            
               
            
              (7)
              
              
              Mr. Smith’s unvested options and
      RSUs lapsed on January 30, 2009, the effective date of his resignation
      from Ballard.
            
               
            
              (8)
              
              
              Mr. Nanji's unvested options lapsed
      on December 31, 2009, the effective date of his resignation from
      Ballard.
            
               
            
              (9)
              
              
              Comprising 14,989 vested and 7,495
      unvested options.
            
               
            
              (10)
              
              
              Comprising 14,184 vested and 28,369
      unvested options.
            
      
       
      32 
       
      
      
      
       
           The following table sets forth the value
of the incentive plan awards vested or earned during the year ended December 31,
2009 by our Named Executive Officers.
      Incentive Plan Awards – Value Vested or
Earned During the Year(2009) 
       
      
        

              
              
              Option-Based Awards
    –
              
              
              Non-equity incentive
      plan
            
              
              
              Value Vested During
      the
              Share-Based Awards –
      Value
              compensation – Value
      earned
            
              
              
              Year(1)
    
              Vested During the Year(2)
              during the year
            
              Named Executive
      Officer
              (US$)
              (US$)
              (US$)
            
              John W. Sheridan
              0
              166,201
              0
            
              Bruce Cousins
              0
              0
              0
            
              Dave S. Smith
              0
              31,353
              0
            
              Noordin Nanji
              0
              93,093
              0
            
              Christopher J. Guzy
              0
              56,164
              0
            
              Michael Goldstein
              0
              0
              0
            
      ____________________ 
      
        

              (1)
                   
              This value was determined by
      calculating the difference between the market price of the underlying
      Shares on the vesting date and the exercise price of the options on the
      vesting date. It has then been converted to United States dollars for the
      purpose of this disclosure using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange
      on December 31, 2009. Where the difference is a negative number the value
      is deemed to be 0.
            
               
            
              (2)
              
              
              This value was determined by
      calculating the dollar value realized by multiplying the number of Shares
      by the market value of the underlying Shares on the vesting date. It has
      then been converted to United States dollars for the purpose of this
      disclosure using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
      2009. The Canadian dollar amounts were C$173,946, C$0, C$32,814, C$97,431,
      C$58,781and C$0 for Messrs. Sheridan, Cousins, Smith, Nanji, Guzy and
      Goldstein, respectively.
            
      
       
           The number of options vesting to Named
Executive Officers under the Option Plan during the most recently completed
financial year is 244,381, none of which were exercised by Named Executive
Officers during 2009.
       
           As noted in the Outstanding Share-Based
Awards and Option-Based Awards table, as at December 31, 2009, there were
755,699 RSUs awarded to Named Executive Officers that were still unvested. The
performance criteria for each of these RSUs has been met and they are set to
vest (subject to the terms of the Market Purchase RSU Plan) as follows:

       
      
        

              Named Executive
      Officer
              Number of RSUs That Have Not
      Vested
               
              Vesting Date
               
            
              John W. Sheridan
              
              
              45,833
               
               
              None(1)
               
            
              
              
              
              
              19,984
              
              
              
              
              February 20, 2010
              
              
            
              
              
               
              15,310
              
              
              
              
              February 21, 2010
               
            
              
              
              
              
              19,985
              
              
               
              February 20, 2011
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              45,833
              
              
              
              
              March 3, 2011
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              359,712
              
              
              
              
              May 11, 2011
              
              
            
              
              
               
              45,834
               
              
              
              March 3,
      2012
              
              
            
              Bruce Cousins
              
              
              19,048
              
              
              
              
              April 29, 2010
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              19,048
              
              
              
              
              April 29, 2011
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              19,047
              
              
              
              
              April 29,
      2012
              
              
            
              Dave S. Smith(2)
              
              
              0
              
              
              
              
              N/A
              
              
            
              Noordin Nanji(3)
              
              
              0
              
              
              
              
              N/A
              
              
            
              Christopher J. Guzy
              
              
              22,000
              
              
              
              
              None(1)
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              7,875
              
              
              
              
              February 20, 2010
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              4,487
              
              
              
              
              February 21, 2010
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              7,874
              
              
              
              
              February 20, 2011
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              22,000
              
              
              
              
              March 3, 2011
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              22,000
              
              
              
              
              March 3,
      2012
              
              
            
      
      33 
       
      
    
    
    
    
      

            Named Executive
      Officer
            Number of RSUs That Have Not
      Vested
            Vesting Date
          
            Michael
      Goldstein
            19,943
            May 4,
      2010
          
             
            19,943
            May 4,
      2011
          
            
            
            19,943
            May 4,
      2012
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                   
            As
      the 2009 performance criteria (minimum corporate multiplier in 2009 of
      75%) was not achieved, these RSUs expired and will not be
    redeemed.
          
             
          
            (2)
             
            Mr. Smith’s unvested RSUs lapsed on January 30, 2009, the effective
      date of his resignation from Ballard.
          
             
          
            (3)
             
            Mr. Nanji's unvested RSUs lapsed on December 31, 2009, the
      effective date of his resignation from
Ballard.
          
    
     
    PENSION PLAN BENEFITS
     
        None of the Named
Executive Officers participate in a Corporation-sponsored Defined Benefits Plan
or Defined Contribution Plan, nor do they receive contributions to any such plan
on their behalf from the Corporation.
     
    TERMINATION AND CHANGE OF CONTROL
BENEFITS 
     
    Employment Contracts
     
        Ballard employs a
standard-form executive employment agreement which all of our Named Executive
Officers have executed. These agreements have indefinite terms, provide for
payments to be made on termination and otherwise include standard industry terms
and conditions, including intellectual property, confidentiality, and
non-competition and non-solicitation provisions in favour of
Ballard.
     
        The annual salary
paid(10)
to each of our Named Executive
Officers under their employment agreements for 2009 was as follows: Mr. Sheridan
received US$488,872, Mr. Cousins received US$194,807, Mr. Smith received
US$39,873, Mr. Nanji received US$245,880, Mr. Guzy received US$285,945 and Mr.
Goldstein received US$217,848. Note that each full-time Named Executive Officer
voluntarily accepted a temporary 10% base salary cut starting in August
2009.
     
        Pursuant to these
employment agreements, we can terminate a Named Executive Officer’s employment
immediately, without any required period of notice or payment in lieu thereof,
for just cause, upon the death of the executive, or if the executive does not
renew any required work permits. In every other circumstance, other than one
following a change of control, we are required to provide notice of 12 months
plus one month for every year of employment completed with us, to a maximum of
24 months, or payment in lieu of such notice, consisting of the salary, bonus
and other benefits that would have been earned during such notice
period.
     
        All of the employment
contracts for the Named Executive Officers include a “double-trigger” in
relation to a change of control – if the executive’s employment is terminated
(including a constructive dismissal) within 2 years following the date of a
change of control, the executive is entitled to a payment equivalent to payment
in lieu of a 24 month notice period. For these purposes, a "change of control"
under the employment agreements is defined as occurring when:
     
    
      

                  
            (a)
                   
            a
      person or persons acting in concert acquires at least one-half of
      Ballard’s shares;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            the persons who comprise the Board of Ballard do not consist of a
      majority of persons who were previously directors of Ballard, or who were
      recommended to the shareholders for election to the Board by a majority of
      the Directors;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (c)
            
            
            there is a disposition of all or substantially all of Ballard’s
      assets to an entity in which Ballard does not have a majority interest;
      or
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (d)
            
            
            Ballard is involved in any business combination that results in
      Ballard’s shareholders owning less than one-half of the voting shares of
      the combined
entity.
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (10)
                    
            
              All figures are in
      United States dollars. However, as the majority of compensation is paid in
      Canadian dollars, the amounts paid were converted into United States
      dollars using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
      2009.
            
          
    
     
    34
     
    
    
    
    Equity-Based Compensation Plans

     
        The Option Plan
provides that, if a participant ceases to be an employee of Ballard or its
subsidiaries, he or she will have up to 90 days, in the event of termination
other than for just cause, or 30 days, in the event of voluntary resignation, in
which to exercise his or her vested options (in each case subject to extension
if the option would otherwise expire during, or within 9 business days after the
end of, a blackout period). In the event of termination other than for just
cause, the CEO has the discretion to extend the exercise period to up to one
year after the optionee ceases to work for Ballard and to accelerate the vesting
of unvested options that would have otherwise vested during that period in the
next year (in effect, enabling the continuance of the options during a notice
period). 
     
        All Ballard RSUs
awarded under either the SDP or the Market Purchase RSU Plan expire (no longer
be capable of being converted into Shares) on the last day on which the
participant works for Ballard or any of its subsidiaries. 
     
        DSUs will be redeemed
for Shares under the SDP by no later than December 31 of the first calendar year
commencing after the holder’s employment with Ballard and its subsidiaries is
terminated, except in the case of US holders, whose DSUs will be redeemed for
Shares approximately 6 months after termination of employment. 
     
        The Option Plan
provides for the acceleration of vesting of options upon a change of control,
which is defined as: 
     
    
      

                  
            (a)
                  
            a
      person making a take-over bid that could result in that person or persons
      acting in concert acquiring at least two-thirds of Ballard’s shares and in
      respect of which the Board approves the acceleration of
  options;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            any person or persons acting in concert acquiring at least
      two-thirds of the outstanding Shares;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (c)
            
            
            there is a disposition of all or substantially all of Ballard’s
      assets to an entity in which Ballard does not have a majority
      interest;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (d)
            
            
            Ballard joins in any business combination that results in Ballard’s
      shareholders owning one-third or less of the voting shares of the combined
      entity and Ballard is privatized (or the parties to the business
      combination have publicly expressed an intention to privatize Ballard);
      or
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (e)
            
            
            any other transaction, a consequence of which is to privatize
      Ballard is approved by Ballard securityholders or, if such approval is not
      required, is approved by Ballard.
          
    
     
    If an
accelerated vesting event occurs, any outstanding option may be exercised at any
time before the 60th day after such event.

     
        Under the SDP and the
Market Purchase RSU Plan, the occurrence of any of the accelerated vesting
events described above triggers (subject to Board approval in the case of a
take-over bid) the termination of the restriction period applicable to RSUs such
that holders will become immediately entitled to receive Shares in respect of
their RSUs (subject to satisfaction of any performance criteria or other
conditions specified in the award). 
     
        The following table
shows, for each Named Executive Officer, the amount such person would have been
entitled to receive on the termination of his employment, without just cause, on
December 31, 2009, the amount such person would have been entitled to if a
change of control occurred on December 31, 2009 and the amount such person would
have been entitled to receive on the termination of his employment, without just
cause, on December 31, 2009 if that termination occurred following a change in
control: 
     
    35 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            
            
            
            
            Triggering Event
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Termination of
      Employment
          
            Named Executive
      Officer
            Termination of Employment (2)
            Change of Control (3)
            following Change of
      Control
          
            
            
            (US$)(1)
            (US$)(1)
            (US$)(1)
          
            John W. Sheridan
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                Severance
            $1,202,704
            $0
            $1,924,326
          
                Other
      benefits
            $51,080
            $0
            $121,047
          
                Accelerated
      vesting
            $0
            $1,160,612
            $0
          
                   Total
            $1,253,784
            $1,160,612
            $2,045,374
          
            Bruce Cousins
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                Severance
            $503,535
            $0
            $1,007,071
          
                Other
      benefits
            $43,531
            $0
            $130,283
          
                Accelerated
      vesting
            $0
            $108,650
            $0
          
                   Total
            $547,067
            $108,650
            $1,137,353
          
            Christopher J.
Guzy
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                Severance
            $671,380
            $0
            $1,007,071
          
                Other
      benefits
            $52,255
            $0
            $150,015
          
                Accelerated
      vesting
            $0
            $216,820
            $0
          
                   Total
            $723,635
            $216,820
            $1,157,086
          
            Michael Goldstein
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                Severance
            $617,237
            $0
            $1,234,474
          
                Other
      benefits
            $35,359
            $0
            $99,318
          
                Accelerated
      vesting
            $0
            $113,759
            $0
          
                   Total
            $652,596
            $113,759
            $1,333,791
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                   
            All
      values are in United States dollars. However, as the majority of payments
      are payable in Canadian dollars, the amounts disclosed above were
      converted into United States dollars using the Bank of Canada noon rate of
      exchange on December 31, 2009.
          
             
          
            (2) 
            
            
            Based on accrued service to December 31, 2009.
          
             
          
            (3) 
            
            
            All
      options and RSUs vest immediately upon a change of control. Value shown
      equals, in the case of RSUs, the price of the underlying Shares on
      December 31, 2009 multiplied by the number of RSUs, and in the case of
      options, for Mr. Sheridan and Mr. Guzy, where the exercise price of the
      relevant options exceeded the market price of the underlying Shares on
      December 31, 2009, for the grant they received in March 2009, the value
      calculates the differential in share price between the December 31, 2009
      close price and the original strike price, multiplied by the number of
      options awarded. For Messrs. Cousins and Goldstein no value is
      attributable to options.
          
    
     
    DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
     
        Our Corporate
Governance Committee has the responsibility for determining compensation for our
Directors. The committee has determined that the principal method of
compensating Directors should be through an annual retainer and meeting fees.
The retainer has historically been paid in DSUs or Shares, at the election of
the individual directors, but with the current shift in focus on limiting
shareholder dilution, it is expected that the great proportion of director
retainers will be paid in cash. Directors have not been issued any stock options
or similar equity-based compensation in the last 5 years, and there is no
current intention to do so in the future.
     
        The objective of the
committee is to ensure that the annual retainer and meeting fees paid to
Directors is commensurate with the high quality of candidates Ballard has
enjoyed in the past and expects in the future. As a result, the committee seeks
to provide compensation for directors at approximately the 50% mark for the
comparator group of North American companies. The committee retains independent
compensation consultants for professional advice and as a source of competitive
market information. In 2008, the committee retained Towers Perrin to provide
independent compensation analysis and advice related to director compensation.
Based on Towers Perrin’s report in November 2008, the compensation provided to
directors is slightly lower than the 50% mark. In 2009, in support of the
Corporation's cost reduction initiatives, on the recommendation of the
Committee, the Board decided to reduce the retainer fees for both the Chair and
other Board members. To further reduce expenses, Committee sizes were reduced,
such that Committee Chairs no longer sit on multiple Committees. The Board Chair
also voluntarily decided to forego meeting fees for board meetings, effectively
making his annual retainer an 'all-in' fee.
     
    36
     
    
    
    

        The Board sets annual
effectiveness goals and tracks performance against those goals. 
     
        In 2009, compensation
was earned by the directors as follows(1):
     
    
      

            
            
            Fees Earned
          
            Name
            (US$)(2)
          
            Ian A. Bourne
            152,399
          
            Edwin J. Kilroy
            78,206
          
            Dr. C.S. Park
            67,075
          
            Dr. Geraldine B. Sinclair
            62,201
          
            David J. Smith
            66,549
          
            David B. Sutcliffe
            72,139
          
            Mark A. Suwyn
            60,600
          
            Douglas W.G. Whitehead
            62,201
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                   
            All figures are
      in United States dollars. However, the compensation paid to directors
      (other than Dr. C.S. Park and Mr. Suwyn) was actually paid in Canadian
      dollars. The Canadian dollar amounts were C$159,500, C$81,850, C$65,100,
      C$69,650, C$75,500 and C$65,100 for Mr. Bourne, Mr. Kilroy, Ms. Sinclair,
      Mr. Smith, Mr. Sutcliffe and Mr. Whitehead, respectively. The Canadian
      dollar amounts were converted into United States dollars for the purpose
      of the table above using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on
      December 31, 2009.
          
             
      
          
            (2)
            
            
            Represents the aggregate retainers and attendance fees
      paid:
          
    
     
    
      

                
            Compensation
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Board and
Committee
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            Board Retainer
            Committee Retainer
            Attendance Fees
            Total
  Compensation
          
            
            
            Director
            (US$)
            (US$)
            (US$)
            (US$)
          
            
            
            Ian A. Bourne
            148,099
            N/A
            4,300
            152,399
          
             
            Edwin J. Kilroy
            40,608
            13,138
            24,460
            78,206
          
            
            
            Dr. C.S. Park
            42,500
            2,375
            22,200
            67,075
          
            
            
            Dr. Geraldine B. Sinclair
            40,608
            2,866
            18,727
            62,201
          
            
            
            David J. Smith
            40,608
            5,494
            20,447
            66,549
          
            
            
            David B. Sutcliffe
            40,608
            10,988
            20,543
            72,139
          
            
            
            Mark A. Suwyn
            42,500
            3,000
            15,100
            60,600
          
            
            
            Douglas W.G. Whitehead
            40,608
            2,866
            18,727
            62,201
          
    
    All figures are in United
States dollars. However, the compensation paid to directors (other than Dr. C.S.
Park and Mr. Suwyn) was actually paid in Canadian dollars. The Canadian dollar
amounts in respect of Board Retainer were C$155,000 for Mr. Bourne and C$42,500
for each of Mr. Kilroy, Ms. Sinclair, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sutcliffe and Mr.
Whitehead. The Canadian dollar amounts in respect of Committee Retainer were
C$13,750, C$3,000, C$5,750, C$11,500, and C$3,000 for Mr. Kilroy, Ms. Sinclair,
Mr. Smith, Mr. Sutcliffe and Mr. Whitehead, respectively. The Canadian dollar
amounts in respect of Board and Committee Attendance Fees were C$4,500,
C$25,600, C$19,600, C$21,400, C$21,500 and C$19,600 for Mr. Bourne,
Mr. Kilroy, Ms. Sinclair, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sutcliffe and Mr. Whitehead,
respectively. The Canadian dollar amounts were converted into United States
dollars for the purpose of the table above using the Bank of Canada noon rate of
exchange on December 31, 2009.
     
    37
     
    
    
    
        We remunerate
directors who are not executive officers for services to the Board, committee
participation and special assignments. The following table describes the
compensation of independent directors in 2009(1):
     
    
      

            
            
            C$(1)
          
            Annual Retainer (Non-Executive Chair of the Board)
            $138,000
          
            Annual Retainer (Director)
            $40,000
          
            Annual Retainer
      (Committee Chairs)
            
            
          
            - Audit
      Committee
            $13,000
          
            - Management
      Development, Nominating & Compensation Committee
            $10,000
          
            - Corporate Governance Committee
            $5,000
          
            Annual Retainer
      for Committee Members
            
            
          
            - Audit
      Committee
            $3,000
          
            - All other Committees
            $1,500
          
            Committee Meeting
      Attendance Fee (per meeting)
            
            
          
            - Committee
      Chair
            $1,400
          
            - Committee Member
            $1,300
          
            Board Meeting Attendance Fee (per meeting)
            $1,500
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                   
            Compensation
      effective as of July 13, 2009. Prior to that, the annual retainer for the
      Chair of the Board was $172,000 and the annual retainer for Directors was
      $45,000. The majority of compensation is paid in Canadian dollars.
      However, Dr. Park’s and Mr. Suwyn’s compensation was payable in United
      States dollars and they received the following
  amounts:
          
    
     
    
      

            Annual Retainer (Director)
            US$40,000
          
            Annual Retainer
      (Committee Chairs)
            
            
          
            - Audit
      Committee
            US$3,000
          
            - All other Committees
            US$1,500
          
            Committee Meeting
      Attendance Fee (per meeting)
             
          
            - Committee Member
            US$1,300
          
            Board Meeting Attendance Fee (per meeting)
            US$1,500
          
    
    
      

            (2)
                   
            
              As of July 13, 2009, the
      Chair of the Board does not receive additional retainers or meeting
      attendance fees. Prior to that, the Chair of the Board received a Board
      Meeting Attendance Fee.
            
          
    
     
        At the discretion of
the Chair, a meeting fee may be paid to independent directors for meetings that
the director is requested or required to attend that are not official meetings
of the Board or committees.
     
        Directors are also
reimbursed for travel and other reasonable expenses incurred in connection with
fulfilling their duties. If a meeting or group of meetings is held on a
continent other than the continent on which an independent director is resident,
that director will receive an additional fee of U.S.$2,250 (or C$2,250 in the
case of a non-United States resident), in recognition of the additional time
required to travel to and from the meeting or meetings.
     
        Historically, we have
satisfied our Chair’s annual retainer by utilizing up to 1/3 cash and the
remainder in equity-based compensation, and our Directors’ annual retainers by
utilizing 100% in equity-based compensation. In 2003, we ceased the practice of
annual grants of share options to our independent Directors. Starting in 2009,
cash compensation for all elements of the Directors compensation is the norm.
The Corporation does not plan in the near future to issue further DSUs to
Directors as compensation.
     
        Previously, Directors
were entitled to elect to participate in the deferred share unit section for
directors (the "DSU Plan for Directors") in the SDP. Under this plan, each
independent outside director was able to elect annually the proportion (0% to
100%) of his or her annual retainer that he or she wished to receive in DSUs.
Each DSU was convertible into one Share. The number of DSUs to be credited to a
Director was determined on the relevant date by dividing the amount of the
eligible remuneration to be deferred into DSUs by the fair market value per
Share, being a price not less than the closing sale price at which the Shares
are traded on the TSX (in respect of a DSU issued or to be issued to a person
who is resident in any country other than the U.S.) or NASDAQ (in respect of a
DSU issued or to be issued to a person who is resident in the U.S.) on the
trading day before the relevant date. For the Directors, DSUs were credited to
an account maintained for each eligible person by Ballard at the time specified
by the Board (historically, DSUs were granted in equal instalments over the
course of a year, at the end of each quarter). However, a DSU is not redeemed
until the Director leaves the Board, and its value on redemption will be based
on the value of our Shares at that time. The SDP or any successor plans will be
used to satisfy the redemption of DSUs issued pursuant to the DSU Plan for
Directors.
     
    38
     
    
    
    

    INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS
     
        The following table
sets forth all option-based and share-based awards granted to our non-executive
directors that are outstanding as of December 31, 2009.
     
    Outstanding Share-Based Awards and Option-Based Awards

    (as of December 31, 2009)
     
    
      

            
            
            Option-Based
  Awards
          
            
            
            Number of
    Securities
            
            
            
            
            Value of
    Unexercised
          
            
            
            Underlying
            
            
            
            
            In-The-Money
          
            
            
            Unexercised
Options
            Option Exercise Price(1)
            
            
            Options(2)
          
            Name
            (#)
            (US$)
            Option Expiration
    Date
            (US$)
          
            Ian A. Bourne
            0
            –
            –
            –
          
            Edwin J. Kilroy
            6,000
            37.02
            May 16,
      2012
            0
          
            Dr. C.S. Park
            0
            –
            –
            –
          
            Dr. Geraldine B. Sinclair
            0
            –
            –
            –
          
            David J. Smith
            0
            –
            –
            –
          
            David B. Sutcliffe
            0
            –
            –
            –
          
            Mark A. Suwyn
            0
            –
            –
            –
          
            Douglas W.G.
      Whitehead
            6,000
            112.98
            Jun. 13,
      2010
            0
          
            
            
            6,000
            84.56
            May 17,
      2011
            0
          
            
            
            2,500
            41.85
            Nov. 30,
      2011
            0
          
            
            
            6,000
            37.02
            May 16,
      2012
            0
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                   
            All
      figures are in United States dollars. Where options are exercisable in
      Canadian dollars, the exercise price has been converted to United States
      dollars using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
      2009.
          
             
          
            (2)
            
            
            This
      amount is based on the difference between the closing price of the Shares
      underlying the options on the TSX as at December 31, 2009, and the
      exercise price of the option converted to United States dollars using the
      Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31, 2009. Where the
      difference is a negative number the value is deemed to be
  0.
          
    
     
        No incentive plan
awards vested for, or were earned by, our Directors during the year ended
December 31, 2009.
     
    SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS
     
        The following table
sets out, as of December 31, 2009, the number of securities we are authorized to
issue under our equity-based compensation plans and the relevant exercise prices
at which such securities may be issued.
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            Number of Securities
      Remaining
          
            
            
            Number of Securities to
      be
            Weighted -Average
      Exercise
            Available for Future
      Issuance
          
            
            
            Issued Upon Exercise
      of
            Price of
    Outstanding
            Under Equity
      Compensation
          
            
            
            Outstanding
    Options,
            Options, Warrants
    and
            Plans excluding
      securities
          
            
            
            Warrants and Rights
      (#)
            Rights (US$)
            reflected in column
      (a)
          
            Plan Category
            (a)
            (b)
            (c)
          
            Equity-based
      compensation plans
            6,925,019 (1)
            16.25
            1,472,380
          
            approved by security holders
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Equity-based
      compensation plans
            Nil
            N/A
            N/A
          
            not approved by security holders
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Total
            6,925,019
            16.25
            1,472,380
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                   
            
              Shares issuable under
      the DSU Plan for Directors and the DSU Plan for Executive Officers
      (together, the "DSU Plans") will be satisfied with Shares
      reserved under the SDP or any successor
plan.
            
          
    
     
        For a detailed
description of our equity-based compensation plans, see Appendix "A" and "B" of
this Management Proxy Circular.
     
    39
     
    
    
    
    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT
     
        The following table
shows securities beneficially owned, or controlled or directed, directly or
indirectly, by all directors and nominees and each of the Named Executive
Officers as of April 13, 2010.
     
    
      

            
            
            Amount and Nature of
      Beneficial
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            Ownership
             
             
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Percent of Class (1)
            Value (2)
          
            Name of Beneficial
      Owner
            Shares
            DSUs
            (%)
            (US$)
          
            Christopher J. Guzy
            95,976
            0
            0.1137
            244,055
          
            Bruce Cousins
            0
            0
            0
            0
          
            John W. Sheridan
            261,710
            57,943
            0.3785
            812,839
          
            Michael Goldstein
            0
            0
            0
            0
          
            Ian A. Bourne
            26,824
            77,706
            0.1238
            265,807
          
            Edwin J. Kilroy
            2,424
            42,844
            0.0536
            115,111
          
            Dr. C.S. Park
            17,091
            0
            0.0202
            43,460
          
            Dr. Geraldine B. Sinclair
            176
            25,355
            0.0302
            64,922
          
            David J. Smith
            7,911
            14,841
            0.0269
            57,856
          
            David B. Sutcliffe
            3,600
            25,528
            0.0345
            74,069
          
            Mark A. Suwyn
            7,237
            35,019
            0.0500
            107,452
          
            Douglas W.G. Whitehead
            4,383
            36,916
            0.0489
            105,018
          
            All Directors and
            427,332
            316,152
            0.8804
            1,890,589
          
            Named Executive
      Officers
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
    ____________________ 
    
      

            (1)
                   
            For
      the purpose of this table, Shares and DSUs are treated as a single class.
      Based on 84,127,616 Shares and 316,152 DSUs issued and outstanding as of
      April 13, 2010.
          
             
          
            (2)
            
            
            Calculated on basis of C$2.55 closing Share price on the TSX as of
      April 13, 2010 and converted into United States dollars using the Bank of
      Canada noon rate of exchange on April 13, 2010. The corresponding values
      in Canadian dollars are C$244,739, C$0, C$815,115 and C$0 for Messrs.
      Guzy, Cousins, Sheridan and Goldstein, respectively; C$266,552, C$115,433,
      C$43,582, C$65,104, C$58,018, C$74,276, C$107,753, and C$105,312 for Mr.
      Bourne, Mr. Kilroy, Drs. Park and Sinclair, and Messrs. Smith, Sutcliffe,
      Suwyn and Whitehead, respectively; for a total of
C$1,895,844.
          
             
          
            (3)
            
            
            Mr.
      Nanji’s shareholdings are not included in the table as he resigned from
      Ballard effective December 31, 2009. As of that date, Mr. Nanji owned, or
      controlled or directed, directly or indirectly, 14,319 Shares and 0 DSUs,
      representing 0.0170 percent of the class (83, 973,988 Shares and 316,152
      DSUs issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2009) with a value of
      C$28,495 (or US$27,226), calculated on basis of C$1.99 closing Share price
      on the TSX as of December 31, 2009 (and converted into United States
      dollars using the Bank of Canada noon rate of exchange on December 31,
      2009).
          
    
     
    INTEREST OF INFORMED PERSONS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS
     
        To the best of our
knowledge, no informed person, proposed director or person who has been a
director or executive officer of the Corporation (or any associate of affiliate
of such persons) had any interest in any material transactions during the past
year or has any interest in any material transaction to be considered at the
Meeting, except as disclosed in this Management Proxy Circular.
     
    INDEBTEDNESS OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
     
        In compliance with
Sarbanes-Oxley, we do not make or arrange personal loans to directors or
executive officers. As of April 13, 2010, our current or former directors,
officers and employees have no outstanding indebtedness to the Corporation, its
subsidiaries or to any other entity and which is guaranteed by the Corporation
or its subsidiaries.
     
    DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITY INSURANCE
     
        We purchase and
maintain insurance for the benefit of our directors and officers for losses
arising from claims against them for certain actual or alleged wrongful acts
they may undertake while performing their director or officer function. The
total annual premium in respect of our directors’ and officers’ liability
insurance program was approximately US$276,000 for 2009 and US$700,000 for 2008.
The aggregate maximum coverage provided by the policy for all claims, for both
directors and officers, in any single policy year is US$30 million. In addition
to the payment of the premiums, we are accountable for the payment of the policy
deductible of US$200,000 to US$500,000 per claim. We have also agreed to
indemnify each of our directors and officers against all expenses, liability and
loss, reasonably incurred or suffered, arising from the performance of his or
her duties as an officer or director of Ballard.
     
    40
     
    
    
    

    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
     
        Additional
information relating to us is included in the following public filings, which
are incorporated by reference (the "Incorporated Documents") into, and form an integral part of, this Management Proxy Circular:

    
      Annual Information Form dated
  March 15, 2010; 
        
      Audited Annual Financial
  Statements for the year ended December 31, 2009 together with the auditors’ report thereon;
  and 
        
      Management's Discussion and
  Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
    
        Copies of the
Incorporated Documents and all our other public filings providing additional
information relating to us may be obtained at www.sedar.com
or www.sec.gov,
or upon request and without further charge from either our Corporate Secretary,
at 9000 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada V5J 5J8, or by
calling our Investor Relations Department at (604) 454-0900. 
     
    PROPOSALS 
     
        Any shareholder who
intends to present a proposal at our 2011 annual shareholders’ meeting must send
the proposal to our Corporate Secretary at 9000 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby,
British Columbia, Canada V5J 5J8. In order for the proposal to be included in
the proxy materials we send to shareholders for that meeting, the
proposal:
    
      must be received by us no
  later than January 14, 2011; and 
        
      must comply with the
  requirements of section 137 of the Canada Business Corporations
  Act.

    
        We are not obligated
to include any shareholder proposal in our proxy materials for the 2011 annual
shareholders’ meeting if the proposal is received after the January 14, 2011
deadline. 
     
    APPROVAL BY BOARD 
     
        Our Board has
approved the contents and the sending of this Management Proxy Circular to the
shareholders of the Corporation. 
     
    BY ORDER OF THE
BOARD 
     
    "Kerry Hillier" 
     
    Kerry Hillier

    Corporate Secretary 
    Ballard Power
Systems 
     
    Dated: April 13,
2010 
     
    41 
     
    
    
    
    APPENDIX "A" 
    DESCRIPTION OF OPTION PLAN 
     
        All directors,
officers and employees of Ballard and its subsidiaries are eligible to
participate in the Option Plan. Former Ballard employees who were transferred to
AFCC Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation Corp. ("AFCC") on
January 31, 2008 (the "Transferred Employees") are also permitted to participate in the Option Plan for so long as
they remain employees of AFCC. New Ballard options may not be granted to
Transferred Employees under either the Option Plan or the prior option plans.

     
        As at April 13, 2010,
the total number of Shares issued and reserved and authorized for issue under
the Option Plan was 6,742,452 Shares, representing 8.0% of the issued and
outstanding Shares as of April 13, 2010.
     
        The number of options
granted under the Option Plan may adjust if any share reorganization, stock
dividend or corporate reorganization occurs. 
     
        The Option Plan
limits insider participation such that the number of Shares issued to insiders,
within any one-year period, and issuable to insiders, at any time, under the
plan and any other Ballard equity-based compensation arrangements, cannot exceed
10% of Ballard’s issued and outstanding Shares.
     
        In any year, a
non-executive Director’s participation in all Ballard equity-based compensation
arrangements is limited to that number of shares (or that number of securities
in respect of underlying shares) having a value of not more than C$100,000 on
the date of grant, excluding any securities issued in respect of the
non-executive Director’s annual retainer. 
     
        Apart from the limits
on Shares issued or issuable to insiders and to non-executive Directors,
described above, the Option Plan does not restrict the number of Shares that can
be issued to any one person or to Directors. 
     
        The exercise price of
a Ballard option will be determined by the Board and is to be no less than the
closing price per Share on the TSX on the last trading day before the date the
option is granted. 
     
        Ballard options may
have a term of up to 10 years from the date of grant, and unless otherwise
determined by the Board, will vest in equal amounts on the first, second and
third anniversaries of the date of grant. 
     
        If an "accelerated
vesting event" occurs, any outstanding option may be exercised at any time
before the 60th
day after such event. An accelerated vesting event occurs when: (a) a person
makes a take-over bid that could result in that person or persons acting in
concert acquiring at least two-thirds of Shares; (b) any person or persons
acting in concert acquire at least two-thirds of Shares; (c) there is a
disposition of all or substantially all of Ballard’s assets; (d) Ballard joins
in any business combination that results in Ballard’s shareholders owning
one-third or less of the voting shares of the combined entity and Ballard is
privatized (or the parties to the business combination have publicly expressed
an intention to privatize Ballard); or (e) any other transaction is approved, a
consequence of which is to privatize Ballard.
     
        The Option Plan also
contains a “double trigger” in the event of a take-over. Accordingly, vesting
will only be accelerated if the Board approves the acceleration. In such
circumstances, the Board will also have the ability to make such changes as it
considers fair and appropriate, including accelerating vesting, otherwise
modifying the terms of options to assist the holder to tender into the take-over
bid or terminating options which have not been exercised prior to the successful
completion of the accelerated vesting event. 
     
        Under the Option Plan
each option will expire (or no longer be capable of being exercised) on the
earlier of: 
     
    
      

                  
            (a)
                  
            the expiration date as determined by the Board, which date will not
      be more than 10 years from the date of grant; and
          
            
            
              
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            if the optionee is a director, officer or employee, the optionee
      ceases to hold such position, except that, an option will be capable of
      exercise, if the optionee ceases to be a director, officer or
      employee:
          
    
     
    A-1 
     
    
    
    
    
      

                          
    
            (i)
                 
            because of his or her death, for one year after the optionee
      dies; 
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (ii)
            
            
            because of his or her retirement, for three years after the
      optionee retires (or, if the optionee dies after retirement, one year
      after his or her death, if earlier); 
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (iii)
            
            
            as a result of voluntary resignation, for 30 days after the last
      day on which the optionee ceases to be a director, or the officer or
      employee ceases to work for Ballard; or 
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (iv)
            
            
            other than as a result of voluntary resignation (in the case of a
      director) or termination other than for just cause (in the case of an
      officer or employee), for 90 days after the last day on which the optionee
      ceases to be a director, or the officer or employee ceases to work for
      Ballard (although in these circumstances, the Chief Executive Officer has
      discretion to extend the exercise period to up to one year after the
      optionee ceases to work for Ballard). 
          
    
     
        In the event that the
optionee dies, all previously unvested options vest and, in the circumstances
described in (b)(iv) above, the Chief Executive Officer has discretion to
accelerate the vesting of unvested options that would have otherwise vested in
the next year. In the other circumstances described above, an option is only
capable of being exercised in respect of options that were vested at the time
the optionee ceased to be a director or ceased to work for Ballard.

     
        In the event that an
optionee becomes "totally disabled" (as defined in the Option Plan), his or her
options will continue to vest and be exercisable as they would have had the
optionee continued to be a director, officer or employee of Ballard.

     
        If an option would
otherwise expire or cease to be exercisable during a blackout period or within
nine business days after the end of a blackout period (that is, a period during
which employees and/or directors cannot trade in securities of the Corporation
because they may be in possession of insider information), the expiry date of
the option is extended to the date which is 10 business days after the end of
the blackout period. 
     
        The Board is entitled
to make, at any time, and from time to time, and without obtaining shareholder
approval, any of the following amendments 
     
    
      

                  
            (a)
                  
            amendments to the definitions and
      other amendments of a clerical nature;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            amendments to any provisions
      relating to the granting or exercise of options, including but not limited
      to provisions relating to the term, termination, amount and payment of the
      subscription price, vesting period, expiry or adjustment of options,
      provided that, without shareholder approval, such amendment does not
      entail:
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            (i)
                  
            a change in the number or
      percentage of Shares reserved for issuance under the plan;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            (ii)
            
            
            a reduction in the exercise price
      of an option or the cancellation and reissuance of options;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            (iii)
            
            
            an extension of the expiry date of
      an outstanding option;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            (iv)
            
            
            an increase to the maximum number
      of Shares that may be:
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
             
            
            
            (A)
                  
            issued to insiders within a one-year period; or
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
             
            
            
            (B)
            
            
            issuable to insiders at any time,
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            under all of Ballard’s equity-based
      compensation arrangements, which could exceed 10% of the issued and
      outstanding Shares at that time;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            (v)
            
            
            an increase in the maximum number
      of securities that can be granted to directors (other than directors who
      are also officers) under all of Ballard’s equity-based compensation
      arrangements, which could exceed such number of securities in respect of
      which the underlying Shares have a Fair Market Value (as defined in the
      plan) on the date of grant of such securities of
  C$100,000;
          
    
     
    A-2 
     
    
    
    
    
      

                  
             
            
            
            (vi)
                  
            permitting options to be transferable or assignable other than for
      normal course estate settlement purposes; or
          
                    
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            (vii)
            
            
            a
      change to the amendment provisions of the plan;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (c)
                  
            the addition or amendment of terms
      relating to the provision of financial assistance to optionees or
      resulting in optionees receiving any Ballard securities, including
      pursuant to a cashless exercise feature;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (d)
            
            
            any amendment in respect of the
      persons eligible to participate in the plan, provided that, without
      shareholder approval, such amendment does not permit non-employee
      directors to re-gain participation rights under the plan at the discretion
      of the Board if their eligibility to participate had previously been
      removed or increase limits previously imposed on non-employee director
      participation;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (e)
            
            
            such amendments as are necessary
      for the purpose of complying with any changes in any relevant law, rule,
      regulation, regulatory requirement or requirement of any applicable stock
      exchange or regulatory authority; or
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (f)
            
            
            amendments to correct or rectify
      any ambiguity, defective provision, error or omission in the plan or in
      any agreement to purchase options.
          
    
     
        Options are not
assignable except as permitted by applicable regulatory authorities in
connection with a transfer to an optionee’s registered retirement savings plan
or registered retirement income fund or to the personal representative of an
optionee who has died.
     
    A-3
     
    
    
    
    APPENDIX "B" 
    DESCRIPTION OF SDP 
     
        The SDP is a single
plan divided into the following three principal sections: 
     
    
      

                  
            (a)
                  
            A
      deferred share unit section for senior executives (the "DSU Plan for Executive
      Officers").
      Under the SDP, DSUs are granted at the election of each executive officer
      of Ballard who is eligible (as determined by the Board) in partial or full
      payment of his or her annual bonus, which otherwise is paid in
      Shares.
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            A
      deferred share unit section for directors (the "DSU Plan for
      Directors").
      Under the DSU Plan for Directors, each independent outside director elects
      annually the proportion (0% to 100%) of his or her annual retainer that he
      or she wishes to receive in DSUs.
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
              Under the
      SDP, DSUs are credited to an account maintained for each eligible person
      by Ballard. Each DSU is convertible into one Share. The number of DSUs to
      be credited to an eligible person is determined on the relevant date by
      dividing the amount of the eligible remuneration to be deferred into DSUs
      by the fair market value per Share, being a price not less than the
      closing sale price at which the Shares are traded on the TSX (in respect
      of a DSU issued or to be issued to a person who is resident in any country
      other than the U.S.) or NASDAQ (in respect of a DSU issued or to be issued
      to a person who is resident in the U.S.) on the trading day before the
      relevant date. In the case of the executive officers, the relevant date is
      set by the Board but if such date occurs during a trading blackout, the
      number of DSUs will be determined on the first trading day after the day
      on which the blackout is lifted. For directors, DSUs are credited at the
      time specified by the Board (currently DSUs are granted in equal
      instalments over the course of a year, at the end of each quarter).
      
               
              On any
      date on which a dividend is paid on the Shares, an eligible person's
      account will be credited with the number of DSUs calculated by: (i)
      multiplying the amount of the dividend per Share by the aggregate number
      of DSUs that were credited to that account as of the record date for
      payment of the dividend; and (ii) dividing the amount obtained in (i) by
      the fair market value (determined as set out above) of Shares on the date
      on which the dividend is paid.
               
              A
      departing director or executive officer may receive Shares in respect of
      the DSUs credited to that person's account (at the ratio of one Share per
      DSU, subject to the deduction of any applicable withholding tax in the
      case of an eligible person who is a United States citizen or resident for
      the purpose of United States tax). A DSU, however, cannot be redeemed
      until such time as the director leaves the Board or the executive officer
      ceases to work for Ballard, and its value on redemption will be based on
      the value of Shares at that time. All DSUs vest immediately as they are
      issued in respect of remuneration that would have otherwise been paid in
      Shares or cash. DSUs do not expire. Except in the case of death, DSUs can
      only be assigned with consent.
            
          
    
     
    
      

                  
            (c)
                  
            A
      restricted share unit section (the "RSU Plan"). All employees (excluding non-
      executive directors) are eligible to participate in the RSU
  Plan.
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
              The vesting of RSUs issued
      under the SDP occurs up to three years from the date of issuance, subject
      to the achievement of any performance criteria which may be set by the
      Board and to earlier vesting upon the occurrence of any accelerated
      vesting event (as defined in the SDP). Each RSU is convertible into one
      Share, which will be issued under the SDP. 
               
              A “double trigger” is
      included in the event of a take-over. Accordingly, in the event of a
      take-over the accelerated vesting of an RSU (technically, the shortening
      of the restriction period) will only occur if the Board so determines. In
      such circumstances, the Board will also have the ability to make such
      changes as it considers fair and appropriate in the circumstances,
      including the date on which the restriction period ends or otherwise
      modifying the terms of RSUs to assist the holder to tender into the
      take-over bid.
            
          
    
     
    B-1
     
    
    
    
    
      

                  
            
              In
      addition, the Board has the discretion to deem performance criteria or
      other conditions to have been met on the occurrence of an accelerated
      vesting event. 
               
              If any
      performance criteria or other conditions specified in an award of RSUs is
      not met on or before the last day of the restriction period applicable to
      the relevant grant (usually three years less one day from the date of
      grant), the RSUs will expire and the participant will no longer be
      entitled to receive any Shares upon conversion of those RSUs.
               
              All RSUs
      awarded to a participant under the SDP will also expire on the last day on
      which the participant works for Ballard or any of its subsidiaries (or, in
      the case of a Transferred Employee, AFCC or its subsidiaries) except that,
      in the event of the participant's death or total disability, the
      performance criteria and conditions specified in the participant's award
      of RSUs will, unless otherwise specified in the award, be deemed satisfied
      and the RSUs will be converted into Shares. 
               
              RSUs
      awarded to Transferred Employees prior to their transfer to AFCC will vest
      according to the terms of the award, subject to performance criteria or
      other conditions specified in the award and for so long as they remain
      employees of AFCC. New RSUs may not be granted to Transferred Employees
      under either the prior RSU Plan or the RSU Plan. 
               
              RSUs
      cannot be assigned other than by will or the laws of descent and
      distribution. 
               
              Under the
      SDP, the Board can elect to satisfy the conversion of RSUs through Ballard
      Shares purchased on the open
market.
            
          
    
     
        As of April 13, 2010,
the total number of Shares issued and reserved and authorized for issue under
the SDP was 673,122 Shares, representing 0.8% of the issued and outstanding
Shares as of April 13, 2010.
     
        The SDP limits
insider participation such that the number of Shares issued to insiders, within
any one-year period, and issuable to insiders, at any time, under the plan and
any other Ballard equity-based compensation arrangements, cannot exceed 10% of
Ballard’s issued and outstanding Shares. 
     
        Under the SDP, in any
year, a non-executive Director’s participation in all Ballard equity-based
compensation arrangements is limited to that number of shares (or that number of
securities in respect of underlying shares) having a value of not more than
C$100,000 on the date of grant, excluding any securities issued in respect of
the non-executive Director’s annual retainer. 
     
        The SDP does not
limit the number of DSUs that can be issued to executive officers. 
     
        The SDP does not
limit the number of RSUs that can be issued to any one participant.

     
        Apart from the limits
on Shares issued or issuable to insiders and non-executive Directors described
above, the SDP does not restrict the number of Shares that can be issued to any
one person, to executive officers or to Directors. 
     
        The SDP permits the
Board, without obtaining shareholder approval, to amend any provision of the SDP
and/or any RSU and/or DSU governed by it (whether outstanding or otherwise)
(subject to any stock exchange or regulatory requirement at the time of any such
amendment) including, without limitation, any of the following amendments:

     
    
      

                  
            (a)
                  
            amendments to the definitions and
      other amendments of a clerical nature;
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            amendments to any provisions
      relating to the issuance of Shares, granting or conversion of DSUs or
      RSUs, including but not limited to provisions relating to the term,
      termination, and number of DSUs or RSUs to be awarded, provided that,
      without shareholder approval, such amendment does not entail:
          
            
            
              
          
            
            
             
            
            
            (i)
                  
            a
      change in the number or percentage of Shares reserved for issuance under
      the plan;
          
    
     
    B-2
     
    
    
    
    
      

                   
             
            
            
            (ii)
                 
            a reduction of the issue price of the Shares issued under the plan
      or the cancellation and reissue of Shares;
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (iii)
            
            
            a reduction to the fair market value used to calculate the number
      of DSUs to be awarded;
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (iv)
            
            
            an extension of time for redemption of a DSU or an extension beyond
      the original restriction period of a RSU;
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (v)
            
            
            an increase to the maximum number of Shares that may
      be: 
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (A)
                 
            issued to insiders within a one-year period; or 
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (B)
            
            
            issuable to insiders at any time,
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            under all of Ballard’s equity-based compensation arrangements,
      which could exceed 10% of the issued and outstanding Shares at that
      time;
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (vi)
            
            
            an increase in the maximum number of securities that can be granted
      to directors (other than directors who are also officers) under all of
      Ballard’s equity-based compensation arrangements, which could exceed such
      number of securities in respect of which the underlying Shares have a Fair
      Market Value (as defined in the plan) on the date of grant of such
      securities of C$100,000;
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (vii)
            
            
            permitting DSUs or RSUs to be transferable or assignable other than
      for normal course estate settlement purposes; or
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (viii)
            
            
            a change to the amendment provisions of the plan;
          
             
             
          
             
            (c)
                 
            any amendment in respect of the persons eligible to participate in
      the plan (or any part of it), provided that, without shareholder approval,
      such amendment does not permit non-employee directors to:
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (i)
            
            
            participate as holders of RSUs at the discretion of the
      Board;
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (ii)
            
            
            re-gain participation rights under any section of the plan at the
      discretion of the Board if their eligibility (as a class) to participate
      had previously been removed; or
          
             
             
          
             
             
            
            
            (iii)
            
            
            increase limits previously imposed on non-employee director
      participation;
          
             
             
          
             
            (d)
            
            
            such amendments as are necessary for the purpose of complying with
      any changes in any relevant law, rule, regulation, regulatory requirement
      or requirement of any applicable stock exchange or regulatory authority;
      or
          
             
             
          
             
            (e)
            
            
            amendments to correct or rectify any ambiguity, defective
      provision, error or omission in the plan or in any option agreement,
      notice to redeem DSUs or RSU agreement.
          
    
     
    B-3 
     
    
    
    
    Financial Information

     
    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     
    Consolidated
Financial Statements 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    F-1 
     
    
    
    
     
     
    BASIS OF PRESENTATION
     
    The information
below should be read in conjunction with the Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements for the year ended December 31, 2009. Our Consolidated Financial
Statements have been prepared in accordance with Canadian generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”). The effect of significant differences between
Canadian and U.S. GAAP has been disclosed in note 22 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2009. Unless the context
otherwise requires, all references to “Ballard”, “the Company”, “we”, “us” and
“our” refer to Ballard Power Systems Inc. and its subsidiaries. This discussion
and analysis is dated March 9, 2010.
     
    All amounts in
this report are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise stated.
     
    FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS
     
    This document
contains forward-looking statements that are based on the beliefs of management
and reflect our current expectations as contemplated under the safe harbor
provisions of Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements with
respect to our objectives, goals and outlook including our estimated revenue,
cash flow from operations and operating cash consumption (see Non-GAAP Measures)
contained in our “Outlook”, as well as statements with respect to our beliefs,
plans, objectives, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions. Words
such as "estimate", "project", "believe", "anticipate", "intend", "expect",
"plan", "predict", "may", "should", "will", the negatives of these words or
other variations thereof and comparable terminology are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are difficult
to predict.
     
    In particular,
these forward-looking statements are based on certain factors and assumptions
disclosed in our “Outlook” as well as specific assumptions relating to our
expectations with respect to the generation of new sales, producing, delivering
and selling the expected product volumes at the expected prices, and controlling
our costs. They are also based on a variety of general factors and assumptions
including, but not limited to, our expectations regarding product development
efforts, manufacturing capacity, product pricing, market demand, and the
availability and prices of raw materials, labour and supplies. These assumptions
have been derived from information available to the Company including
information obtained by the Company from third parties. These assumptions may
prove to be incorrect in whole or in part. In addition, actual results may
differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in such
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results or
outcomes to differ materially from the results expressed, implied or forecasted
in such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the
condition of the global economy; the rate of mass adoption of our products;
changes in product pricing; changes in our customers' requirements, the
competitive environment and related market conditions; product development
delays; changes in the availability or price of raw materials, labour and
supplies; our ability to attract and retain business partners, suppliers,
employees and customers; changing environmental regulations; our access to
funding and our ability to provide the capital required for product development,
operations and marketing efforts; our ability to protect our intellectual
property; the magnitude of the rate of change of the Canadian dollar versus the
U.S. dollar; and the general assumption that none of the risks identified in the
Risks and Uncertainties section of this report or in our most recent Annual
Information Form will materialize. Readers should not place undue reliance on
Ballard's forward-looking statements.
     
    Page 1 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    The
forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date
of this Management Discussion and Analysis. Except as required by applicable
legislation, Ballard does not undertake any obligation to release publicly any
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of this Management Discussion and Analysis, including the
occurrence of unanticipated events.
     
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
     
    Ballard is a
clean energy growth company. We are recognized as a world leader in proton
exchange membrane (“PEM”) fuel cell development and commercialization. Our
principal business is the design, development, manufacture, sale and service of
fuel cell products for a variety of applications, focusing on motive power
(material handling and buses) and stationary power (back-up power, supplemental
power, and distributed generation).
     
    A fuel cell is
an environmentally clean electrochemical device that combines hydrogen fuel with
oxygen (from the air) to produce electricity. The hydrogen fuel can be obtained
from natural gas, kerosene, methanol or other hydrocarbon fuels, or from water
through electrolysis. As long as fuel is supplied, the fuel cell produces
electricity efficiently and continuously without combustion, with water and heat
as the main by-products when hydrogen is used as the fuel source.
     
    Ballard® fuel
cell products feature high fuel efficiency, low operating temperature, low noise
and vibration, compact size, quick response to changes in electrical demand,
modular design and environmental cleanliness. 
     
    Over the past
five years, we have refined the Company’s business strategy to establish a sharp
focus on what we believe to be key growth opportunities with near-term
commercial prospects in our core fuel cell markets. We sold our automotive fuel
cell systems operations to DaimlerChrysler AG (“Daimler”) and Ford Motor Company
(“Ford”) on August 31, 2005. We subsequently sold our electric drive operations
to Siemens VDO Automotive Corporation ("Siemens VDO") on February 15,
2007.
     
    We completed our
exit from the fuel cell car business in 2008 by selling our automotive fuel cell
research and development assets to Daimler, Ford and a newly created private
corporation, AFCC Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation Corp. (“AFCC”). We completed
this transaction (the “AFCC Transaction”) on January 31, 2008 and recorded a
gain of $96.8 million (see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements).
Under the terms of the AFCC Transaction, we retained a 19.9% interest in AFCC,
which is subject to a Share Purchase Agreement under which Ford, either at our
option or Ford’s election, could purchase our interest in AFCC at any time on or
after January 31, 2013 for $65 million plus interest accruing at LIBOR from
January 31, 2008.
     
    Page 2 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Finally, we
decided to discontinue operations in EBARA Ballard Corporation (“EBARA BALLARD”)
on May 24, 2009. EBARA BALLARD was a joint venture with EBARA Corporation
(“Ebara”) that was focused on the development, manufacture, sale, and servicing
of stationary power systems for the residential cogeneration market in Japan.
EBARA BALLARD was formally dissolved in October 2009. 
     
    Following the
completion of these strategic dispositions, we have focused on bolstering our
cash reserves to strengthen our capability to execute on our clean energy growth
priorities.
     
    In 2008, we
executed a transaction to extract value from our tax attributes through a
restructuring agreement (“Arrangement”) with Superior Plus Income Fund
("Superior Plus") resulting in a non-dilutive financing with net cash proceeds
of $33.8 million (Canadian $41.2 million). The Arrangement, which closed on
December 31, 2008, is described more fully in our Management Information
Circular dated November 14, 2008 (see note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements).
     
    In December
2009, we announced an agreement with a financial institution to monetize our
rights under the above noted Share Purchase Agreement with Ford relating to our
19.9% equity investment in AFCC for expected gross proceeds of $44.5 million,
comprising of an immediate cash payment of $37 million and a contingent payment
of $7.5 million. The contingent payment of $7.5 million is due upon maturation
of the Share Purchase Agreement on or before January 31, 2013 and is contingent
only on the financial institution’s rights in the transaction remaining
unsubordinated. On the closing of this transaction (the “AFCC Monetization”) on
December 21, 2009, we recorded a gain of $34.3 million (see note 8 to our
consolidated financial statements).
     
    In February
2010, we announced a sale and leaseback agreement with Madison Pacific
Properties Inc. (“Madison”) to further bolster our cash reserves. On the closing
of this transaction on March 9, 2010, we sold our head office building in
Burnaby, British Columbia in return for gross cash proceeds of $20.0 million
(Canadian $20.8 million). We then leased this property back from Madison for an
initial 15-year term plus two renewal options.
     
    In January 2010,
we announced an agreement to acquire a controlling interest in Denmark-based
Dantherm Power, partnering with co-investors Danfoss A/S and Dantherm A/S. In
exchange for a controlling interest, we will be investing $6.0 million in
Dantherm Power through two tranches, $3.0 million payable on closing on January
18, 2010, and $3.0 million payable after November 2010. Dantherm Power is a
40-person company focused on development and production of commercially viable
fuel cell-based back-up power systems for use in IT and telecom network base
stations. Dantherm Power’s financial results for 2010 will be 100% consolidated
into Ballard’s.
     
    Page 3 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    We are based in
Canada, with head office, research and development, testing and manufacturing
facilities in Burnaby, British Columbia. In addition, we have sales, research
and development and manufacturing facilities in Lowell, Massachusetts. We report
our results in the following reporting units: 
     
    1. Fuel Cell
Products
(core segment): fuel cell products and services for
motive power (material handling and bus markets) and stationary power (back-up
power, supplemental power, and distributed generation markets);
     
    2. Contract
Automotive (supporting segment): contract manufacturing of light-duty
automotive fuel cell products and testing and engineering services provided
primarily for AFCC, Daimler and Ford. 
     
    3. Material
Products (supporting segment): carbon friction material products
primarily for automotive applications and gas diffusion layer (“GDL”) material
for fuel cell products.
     
    
      

            SELECTED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
      INFORMATION
          
             
          
            Years ended December 31 (Expressed
      in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
          
            
            
                  
            2009
             
                  
            2008 (1
            )
                  
            2007 (1)
          
            Product and service
    revenues
            
            
            $
            46,722
            
            
            
            
            $
            52,726
            
            
            
            
            $
            43,352
            
            
          
            Engineering
      development revenue
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            6,854
            
            
            
            
            
            
            22,180
            
            
          
            Total
      revenues
            
            
            $
            46,722
            
            
            
            
            $
            59,580
            
            
            
            
            $
            65,532
            
            
          
            Net income (loss)
            
            
            $
            (3,258
            )
            
            
            $
            31,456
            
            
            
            
            $
            (55,633
            )
          
            Net income
      (loss) per share
            
            
            $
            (0.04
            )
            
            
            $
            0.37
            
            
            
            
            $
            (0.49
            )
          
            Income (loss) from continuing operations
            
            
            $
            (3,258
            )
            
            
            $
            31,456
            
            
            
            
            $
            (56,418
            )
          
            Income (loss)
      per share from continuing operations
            
            
            $
            (0.04
            )
            
            
            $
            0.37
            
            
            
            
            $
            (0.49
            )
          
            Normalized net loss (2)
            
            
            $
            (39,283
            )
             
            $
            (53,928
            )
            
            
            $
            (40,278
            )
          
            Normalized
      net loss per share (2)
            
            
            $
            (0.47
            )
            
            
            $
            (0.64
            )
            
            
            $
            (0.35
            )
          
            Operating cash
      consumption (2)
             
            $
            (27,542
            )
            
            
            $
            (29,275
            )
             
            $
            (36,691
            )
          
            Cash, cash equivalents and
      short-term investments
            
            
            $
            82,231
            
            
            
            
            $
            85,399
            
            
            
            
            $
            145,574
            
            
          
            Total
      assets
            
            
            $    
      
            195,348
            
            
            
            
            $    
      
            208,443
            
            
            
            
            $    
      
            298,691
            
            
          
    
    
      

            1
            
              The comparative figures have been adjusted to reflect a change in
      accounting policy applied on a retroactive basis. See note 1(c)(ii) to our
      consolidated financial statements.
            
          
            2
            
              Normalized net loss and operating cash consumption are non-GAAP
      measures. We use certain Non-GAAP measures to assist in assessing our
      financial performance. Non-GAAP measures do not have any standardized
      meaning prescribed by GAAP and are therefore unlikely to be comparable to
      similar measures presented by other companies. See reconciliation to GAAP
      in Non-GAAP Measures section.
            
          
    
    FINANCIAL OVERVIEW – Quarter ended
December 31, 2009

     
    Revenue 
     
    Our revenues for
the fourth quarter of 2009 decreased 13%, to $16.5 million, compared to $18.9
million for the fourth quarter of 2008. Increases in our supporting Contract
Automotive and Material Products business segments of $1.5 million were more
than offset by declines in our core Fuel Cell Products business segment of $3.9
million. Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2009 represent 35% of our total year
revenues and reflect an increase of 83%, or $7.5 million, compared to the third
quarter of 2009.
     
    Page 4 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    In our core Fuel
Cell Products business segment, fourth quarter 2009 revenues decreased 34%, or
$3.9 million, to $7.7 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. The
decline in 2009 was due primarily to lower fuel cell bus revenues as the fourth
quarter of 2008 benefited from the commencement of shipments of fuel cell bus
modules related to the B.C. Transit 2010 Olympic fuel cell bus program (which
contributed $6.0 million to revenue in December 2008). Fourth quarter of 2009
revenues were also impacted by a deferral from 2009 to 2010 on the FirstEnergy
Corp. (“First Energy”) distributed power generator project related to delays in
testing and customer acceptance.
     
    In our
supporting Contract Automotive and Material Products business segments, fourth
quarter of 2009 revenues increased 21%, or $1.5 million, to $8.8 million
compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Improvements in our Material Products
segment of $0.8 million represents increased volumes at higher prices of carbon
friction material products related to the recovery in the U.S. automotive sector
during the quarter. Improvements in our Contract Automotive segment of $0.7
million related to increased shipments of light duty automotive products in
support of Daimler’s Highway 2/3 programs, partially offset by lower automotive
testing and engineering services provided to AFCC.
     
    Net income (loss) 
     
    Our net income
for the fourth quarter of 2009 increased to $25.6 million, or $0.31 per share,
compared with a net loss of $19.2 million, or ($0.23) per share, in the fourth
quarter of 2008. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2009 includes a gain on
sale of assets of $34.3 million resulting from the AFCC Monetization, partially
offset by an acceleration of amortization expense of $2.5 million for patents
that were no longer in use. Net loss for the fourth quarter of 2008 includes a
write-down of non-core investments of $3.0 million primarily related to our
investment in Chrysalix Energy Limited Partnership (“Chrysalix”).
     
    Normalized net loss 
     
    Our normalized
net loss (see Non-GAAP Measures) for the fourth quarter of 2009 decreased $6.8
million, or 44%, to $8.6 million, or ($0.10) per share, compared with a
normalized net loss of $15.4 million, or ($0.19) per share, for 2008. The
improvement in normalized net loss was driven by increases in investment and
other income of $6.1 million primarily as a result of increases in foreign
exchange gains combined with a curtailment gain and improved investment returns
related to our employee future benefit plans.
     
    Our fourth
quarter of 2009 operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization,
restructuring, acquisition and related expenses) decreased $2.0 million, or 17%,
to $10.2 million, compared with operating expenses of $12.2 million for the
fourth quarter of 2008. The decline was primarily as a result of our workforce
reduction and cost optimization initiatives, which were partially offset by a
one-time commodity tax assessment combined with the negative effects of a
stronger Canadian dollar, relative to the U.S. dollar, quarter over
quarter.
     
    Page 5 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Operating cash consumption (contribution)

     
    Operating cash
consumption (contribution) (see Non-GAAP Measures) for the fourth quarter of
2009 decreased $12.8 million to positive ($4.5) million, compared to $8.3
million for the fourth quarter of 2008. The $12.8 million improvement in
operating cash consumption (contribution) was driven by improvements in cash
flow from operating activities (net of restructuring and related payments) of
$10.1 million related to our 2009 workforce reduction and cost optimization
initiatives, combined with improvements in working capital requirements,
including customer collections on our B.C. Transit 2010 Olympic fuel cell bus
program and light-duty automotive shipments. Operating cash consumption
(contribution) in the fourth quarter of 2009 also benefited from lower capital
expenditures (net of proceeds on sale) of $2.7 million as we financed the
acquisition of certain manufacturing assets through capital leases versus
outright purchase. 
     
    FINANCIAL OVERVIEW – Year ended December
31, 2009

     
    We generated
revenues of $46.7 million in 2009, a decline of 22%, or $12.9 million from 2008.
Revenues were slightly lower than our revised guidance target of $50.0 million
due to the delay of expected 2009 fuel cell bus shipments and First Energy
distributed power generator project milestones to 2010.
     
    We reduced
operating cash consumption in 2009 (see non-GAAP measures section) by 6% to
$27.5 million, down from $29.3 million in 2008, essentially meeting our guidance
target of $27 million. The improvement was due primarily to a reset of our
operating cost base through restructuring activities in March and August, which
offset margin declines as a result of the decline in revenues.
     
    We ended 2009
with cash reserves of $82.2 million. Cash reserves were augmented in December
2009 through the monetization of our rights under the Share Purchase Agreement
with Ford relating to our 19.9% equity investment in AFCC.
     
    Revenue 
     
    Our revenues for
the year ended December 31, 2009 decreased to $46.7 million, or 22%, compared to
$59.6 million for 2008 due primarily to declines in our supporting Contract
Automotive business segment of $10.0 million.
     
    Fuel Cell
Products revenues declined $3.5 million, or 13%, from 2008 as increases in
product and service revenues of $1.7 million were offset by declines in
engineering development revenues of $5.2 million primarily as a result of our
decision to discontinue operations in EBARA BALLARD in May 2009. Fuel Cell
Products product and service revenues increased 8% to $24.1 million driven by an
increase in fuel cell bus shipments as a result of the B.C. Transit 2010
Olympic, Transport of London, and Advanced Public Transportation System BV
(“APTS”) fuel cell bus programs. In addition, increases in back-up power market
revenues driven by work completed on the First Energy distributed power
generator project and increased unit shipments as a result of the successful
completion of the hydrogen unit product acceptance milestone with ACME supported
overall revenue growth of Fuel Cell Products product and service revenue. These
increases were partially offset by lower shipments in the material handing
market and by lower residential cogeneration market revenues.
     
    Page 6 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Contract
Automotive revenues decreased 52% to $9.2 million due to lower shipments of
light-duty automotive fuel cell modules to AFCC, Daimler and Ford, combined with
lower testing and engineering services provided to AFCC. In addition, the
absence of engineering development revenues as a result of the elimination of
light-duty automotive fuel cell program work subsequent to the closing of the
AFCC Transaction on January 31, 2008 (the “AFCC Transaction”) contributed to the
overall decline in Contract Automotive revenue. 
     
    Material
Products revenues increased 5% to $13.4 million due to increased volumes of fuel
cell GDL shipments combined with the maintenance of carbon friction material
product revenues as price increases offset the impact of lower volumes as a
result of the slowdown in the U.S. automotive sector during the first half of
2009. 
     
    Net income (loss) 
     
    Our net loss for
the year ended December 31, 2009 increased to $3.3 million, or ($0.04) per
share, compared with net income of $31.5 million, or $0.37 per share, in 2008.
The net loss for 2009 includes a gain on sale of assets resulting from the AFCC
Monetization of $34.3 million, restructuring and related expenses of $6.2
million relating to a 20% workforce reduction initiated in August 2009 and a 7%
workforce reduction initiated in March 2009, and a non-cash gain (net of equity
losses prior to dissolution) of $8.4 million related to our decision to
discontinue operations in EBARA Ballard Corporation (“EBARA BALLARD”) on May 24,
2009. The net income for 2008 includes a gain on sale of assets of $96.8 million
related to the AFCC Transaction, partially offset by a write-down of a non-core
investment in Chrysalix of $3.0 million. 
     
    Normalized net loss 
     
    Our normalized
net loss (see Non-GAAP Measures) for 2009 decreased $14.6 million, or 27%, to
$39.3 million, or ($0.47) per share, compared with a normalized net loss of
$53.9 million, or ($0.64) per share, for 2008. Reductions in operating expenses
(excluding restructuring, acquisition and related expenses) of $12.5 million
primarily as a result of our workforce reduction and cost optimization
initiatives, combined with increases in investment and other income of $8.9
million primarily as a result of increases in foreign exchange gains and a
curtailment gain and improved investment returns related to our employee future
benefit plans, more than offset the decline in revenues (including engineering
development revenue) and the related gross margin impacts of $6.2 million.

     
    Operating cash consumption

     
    Operating cash
consumption (see Non-GAAP Measures) for 2009 decreased 6% to $27.5 million,
compared to $29.3 million for 2008. The $1.7 million improvement in operating
cash consumption was driven by improvements in cash flow from operating
activities (net of restructuring and related payments) of $3.3 million partially
offset by increased investment (net of proceeds on sale) in building
manufacturing capacity. The improvement in cash flow from operations was
primarily a result of our workforce reduction and cost optimization initiatives
in 2009, which more than offset the impacts of the decline in revenue and
related gross margin and the decline in working capital improvements. The
decline in working capital improvements of $0.4 million were driven primarily by
a drawdown of deferred revenue on our First Energy distributed power generator
project combined with reduced improvements in inventory requirements, which more
than offset improvements in accounts receivable due primarily to increased
customer collections on our B.C. Transit 2010 Olympic fuel cell bus program and
light-duty automotive shipments.
     
    Page 7 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, ESTIMATES
AND JUDGMENT APPLIED 
     
    Our consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with Canadian GAAP, which
require us to apply judgment when making estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses of the reporting
period, as well as disclosures made in the accompanying notes to the financial
statements. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on past
experience and other factors that are considered relevant. Actual results could
differ from these estimates. The following are our most critical accounting
estimates, which are those that require management’s most challenging,
subjective and complex judgments, requiring the need to make estimates about the
effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent
periods. The application of these and other accounting policies are described
more fully in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
     
    REVENUE
RECOGNITION 
     
    Revenues are
generated primarily from product sales and services in our core Fuel Cell
Products and supporting Contract Automotive and Material Products segments. We
have also historically earned revenues by providing engineering development
services in our core Fuel Cell Products and supporting Contract Automotive
segments. Product revenues are derived primarily from standard equipment and
material sales contracts and from long-term fixed price contracts. Service
revenues are derived primarily from cost-plus reimbursable contracts.
Engineering development revenues are derived primarily from long-term fixed
price contracts.
     
    On standard
equipment and material sales contracts, revenues are recorded when the product
is shipped to the customer, the risks of ownership are transferred to the
customer, the price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably
assured. Provisions are made at the time of sale for warranties. Revenue
recognition for standard equipment and material sales contracts does not usually
involve significant estimates.
     
    On cost-plus
reimbursable contracts, revenues are recognized as costs are incurred, and
include applicable fees earned as services are provided. Revenue recognition for
cost-plus reimbursable contracts does not usually involve significant
estimates.
     
    Page 8 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    On long-term
fixed price contracts, revenues are recorded on the percentage-of-completion
basis over the duration of the contract, which consists of recognizing revenue
on a given contract proportionately with its percentage of completion at any
given time. The percentage of completion is determined by dividing the
cumulative costs incurred as at the balance sheet date by the sum of incurred
and anticipated costs for completing a contract.
    
      The determination of
  anticipated costs for completing a contract is based on estimates that can be
  affected by a variety of factors such as variances in the timeline to
  completion, the cost of materials, the availability and cost of labour, as
  well as productivity. 
        
      The determination of
  potential revenues includes the contractually agreed amount and may be
  adjusted based on the estimate of our attainment on achieving certain defined
  contractual milestones. Management’s judgment is required in determining the
  probability that the revenue will be received and in determining the
  measurement of that amount. 
    
    Estimates used
to determine revenues and costs of long-term fixed price contracts involve
uncertainties that ultimately depend on the outcome of future events and are
periodically revised as projects progress. There is a risk that a customer may
ultimately disagree with our assessment of the progress achieved against
milestones or that our estimates of the work required to complete a contract may
change. The cumulative effect of changes to anticipated revenues and anticipated
costs for completing a contract are recognized in the period in which the
revisions are identified. In the event that the anticipated costs exceed the
anticipated revenues on a contract, such loss is recognized in its entirety in
the period it becomes known. 
     
    During the years
ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, there were no material adjustments to revenues
relating to revenue recognized in a prior period.
     
    ASSET IMPAIRMENT

     
    Asset impairment
incorporates an evaluation of our goodwill as well as our long-lived assets for
impairment. 
     
    Goodwill is
subject to at least an annual assessment of impairment by applying a fair value
based test at the reporting unit level. An impairment loss is recognized to the
extent that the carrying amount of goodwill for each reporting unit exceeds its
estimated fair market value. The fair market values of the reporting units are
derived from certain valuation models, which may consider various factors such
as normalized and estimated future earnings, price earnings multiples, terminal
values and discount rates. All factors used in the valuation models are based on
management’s estimates and are subject to uncertainties and judgments. Changes
in any of these estimates could affect the fair value of the reporting units
and, consequently, the value of the reported goodwill. We perform the annual
review of goodwill as at December 31 of each year, more often if events or
changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Based on the
impairment test performed as at December 31, 2009 and 2008, we have concluded
that no goodwill impairment loss was required. 
     
    Page 9 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    In addition, we
review our long-lived assets, which include intangible assets, and property,
plant and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. To
determine whether impairment exists, we compare the estimated undiscounted
future cash flows that are projected to be generated by those assets to their
respective carrying value. If the undiscounted future cash flows are lower than
the carrying value, then the assets are written down to fair market value and an
impairment loss is recognized. Estimated undiscounted cash flows reflect
management’s estimates, and changes in those estimates could affect the carrying
amount of the long-lived assets. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and
2008, we have concluded that no impairment charge was required for our
long-lived assets.
     
    During the year
ended December 31, 2009, we recorded an acceleration of amortization expense of
$2.5 million for patents that were no longer in use.
     
    WARRANTY
PROVISION 
     
    A provision for
warranty costs is recorded on product sales at the time of shipment. In
establishing the accrued warranty liabilities, we estimate the likelihood that
products sold will experience warranty claims and the cost to resolve claims
received. In making such determinations, we use estimates based on the nature of
the contract and past and projected experience with the products. Should these
estimates prove to be incorrect, we may incur costs different from those
provided for in our warranty provisions. During the years ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 we recorded provisions to accrued warranty liabilities of $3.7
million and $4.4 million, respectively, for new product sales. 
     
    We review our
warranty assumptions and make adjustments to accrued warranty liabilities
quarterly based on the latest information available and to reflect the expiry of
contractual obligations. Adjustments to accrued warranty liabilities are
recorded in cost of product and service revenues. As a result of these reviews
and the resulting adjustments, our warranty provision and cost of revenues for
the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 were adjusted downwards by a net
amount of $0.5 million and $0.4 million, respectively. The adjustments to reduce
accrued warranty liabilities were primarily due to contractual expirations and
improved lifetimes of our fuel cell products.
     
    INVENTORY
PROVISION 
     
    In determining
the lower of cost and net realizable value of our inventory and establishing the
appropriate provision for inventory obsolescence, we estimate the likelihood
that inventory carrying values will be affected by changes in market pricing or
demand for our products and by changes in technology or design which could make
inventory on hand obsolete or recoverable at less than cost. We perform regular
reviews to assess the impact of changes in technology and design, sales trends
and other changes on the carrying value of inventory. Where we determine that
such changes have occurred and will have a negative impact on the value of
inventory on hand, appropriate provisions are made. If there is a subsequent
increase in the value of inventory on hand, reversals of previous write-downs to
net realizable value are made. Unforeseen changes in these factors could result
in additional inventory provisions, or reversals of previous provisions, being
required. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, inventory
provisions of $0.9 million and $0.7 million, respectively, were recorded as a
charge to cost of product and service revenues.
     
    Page 10 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    INVESTMENTS

     
    We have made
strategic investments in other companies or partnerships that are developing
technology with potential fuel cell applications. Each of these investments is
either accounted for by the equity method or carried at cost, depending on
whether or not we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the
company or partnership. We regularly review such investments and should
circumstances indicate that an impairment of value has occurred that is other
than temporary, we would record this impairment in the earnings of the current
period. Given that these entities are in the development stage, there is
significant judgment required in determining whether impairment has occurred in
the value of these investments. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we
recorded a gain of $10.8 million representing the reversal of historic equity
losses (including $2.4 million of equity losses recorded in 2009 prior to the
wind-up) in excess of our net investment in EBARA BALLARD as a result of the
announcement of our intentions to discontinue operations in EBARA BALLARD.
During the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded a $3.0 million write-down
of our non-core investment in Chrysalix.
     
    INCOME TAXES

     
    We use the
liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, future
income tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences between the
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts reported in the
financial statements. Future income tax assets also reflect the benefit of
unutilized tax losses than can be carried forward to reduce income taxes in
future years. Such method requires the exercise of significant judgment in
determining whether or not our future tax assets are “more likely than not” to
be recovered from future taxable income and therefore, can be recognized in the
consolidated financial statements. Also estimates are required to determine the
expected timing upon which tax assets will be realized and upon which tax
liabilities will be settled, and the enacted or substantially enacted tax rates
that will apply at such time. 
     
    Page 11 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    ACCOUNTING POLICY
CHANGES 
     
    Business Combinations, Consolidated
Financial Statements and Non-Controlling Interest 
     
    On December 31, 2009, we
elected to early adopt the new recommendations of the Canadian Institute of
Chartered Accountants (“CICA”) for Business
Combinations (CICA Handbook Section 1582), Consolidations (CICA Handbook Section 1601)
and Non-Controlling
Interests
(CICA Handbook Section 1602). Section 1582, which replaces the former Section
1581, requires all business combinations to be accounted for by applying the
acquisition method. Under this method, assets acquired and liabilities
assumed are measured at their full fair value at the date of acquisition unless
another standard requires otherwise. Section 1582 provides the option of
accounting for non-controlling interest at either fair value, or at the
non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the identifiable net assets
acquired. Acquisition costs associated with a business combination are to be
expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Section 1601 carries forward
the standards for the preparation of consolidated financial statements of former
Section 1600, while Section 1602 requires non-controlling interests to be
reported as a separate component of equity, with net income calculated without
deduction for non-controlling interests. Consolidated net income is to be
allocated between controlling and non-controlling interest. These three new
sections, which are effectively harmonized with International Financial
Reporting Standards and U.S. GAAP, were implemented effective January 1, 2009
and apply prospectively to all business combinations. There was no impact on our
2009 financial statements as a result of adopting these new standards other than
the expensing of acquisition costs of $0.5 million incurred for our subsequent
acquisition of Dantherm Power.
     
    Employee Future Benefit
Plans
     
    In 2009, we have
changed our accounting policy for accounting for actuarial gains and losses for
employee future benefit plans from the corridor method to the fair value method
of accounting. This change in accounting policy applies to a defined benefit
pension plan and other post-retirement benefits for our current and former
employees in the United States. We have made this accounting policy change, as
we believe it is the preferred policy to better reflect the costs and liability
of these employee future benefits to us as it better reflects the current
estimated cost to terminate these plans. This change in accounting policy was
made concurrent with a December 31, 2009 curtailment of future benefits in the
defined benefit pension plan. As a result of this change, employee future
benefit plan assets and accrued benefit obligations have been recorded at their
fair values on each balance sheet date with the actual return on plan assets and
any net actuarial gains or losses recognized immediately in the statement of
operations. This change in accounting policy has been applied on a retroactive
basis and has resulted in a $0.2 million increase in accumulated deficit as at
December 31, 2007, an $2.6 million decrease in net income for 2008, and a $2.2
million increase in net income for 2009. The offsetting adjustment as a result
of the retroactive application has been recorded to long-term liabilities (see
note 1(c)(ii) to the consolidated financial statements). Certain comparative
figures on the consolidated statement of cash flows have been reclassified to
conform to the current year presentation. 
     
    Financial Instruments – Presentation and
Disclosure 
     
    In 2009, we
adopted the amendments to CICA Handbook Section 3862 for Financial Instruments – Presentation and
Disclosure. The
adoption of these amendments resulted in enhanced disclosures regarding the fair
value measurement of financial instruments (see note 20 to the consolidated
financial statements) but had no impact on our results, financial position or
cash flows.
     
    Page 12 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS AND
DEVELOPMENTS 
     
    Convergence with
International Financial Reporting Standards 
     
    In February
2008, Canada’s Accounting Standards Board (“AcSB”) confirmed that Canadian GAAP,
as used by publicly accountable companies, would be fully converged to
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). For our 2011 interim and
annual financial statements, we will be required to report under IFRS and to
provide IFRS comparative information for the 2010 financial year. 
     
    IFRS uses a
conceptual framework similar to Canadian GAAP, but there are significant
differences on recognition, measurement and disclosures. As part of the IFRS
conversion project, we have established an implementation team, which includes a
project manager, management from all relevant departments and a steering
committee to oversee the project. We have also engaged an external advisor to
assist in the conversion to IFRS.
     
    The conversion
project consists of three phases.
     
    Scoping Phase – This phase involves a detailed review
and initial scoping of accounting differences between Canadian GAAP and IFRS, a
preliminary evaluation of IFRS 1 exemptions for first-time IFRS adopters and a
high-level assessment of potential consequences for financial reporting,
business processes, internal controls, and information systems.
     
    Design Phase – This phase involves prioritizing
accounting treatment issues and preparing a conversion plan, quantifying the
impact of conversion to IFRS, reviewing and approving accounting policy choices,
performing a detailed impact assessment and designing changes to systems and
business processes, developing IFRS training material and drafting IFRS
financial statement content.
     
    Implementation Phase – This phase involves embedding changes
to systems business processes and internal controls; determining the opening
IFRS transition balances sheet and tax impacts; parallel accounting under
Canadian GAAP and IFRS; and preparing detailed reconciliations of Canadian GAAP
to IFRS financial statements. This phase also involves conversion assessment,
evaluating improvements for a sustainable operational IFRS model, and testing
the internal controls environment.
     
    We have
completed the scoping phase and are continuing with the project design phase and
continue to develop solutions to execute the project implementation phase.
Initial training has been given to key employees, and further investments in
training and resources will be made throughout the transition to facilitate a
timely and efficient changeover to IFRS.
     
    We have
performed an initial assessment of the exemptions from full retrospective
application available under IFRS 1, “First-Time Adoption of International
Financial Reporting Standards,” and their potential impacts on our financial
position.
     
    Page 13 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
     On adoption of IFRS, the exemptions being
considered by us that could result in material impacts are as
follows:
     
    
      

            Exemptions
                  
            Application of
      exemption
          
            Business combinations
            
            
            The Company expects to elect not the restate any business
      combinations that occurred prior to January 1, 2010.
          
            Assets and
      liabilities of subsidiaries,associates and joint ventures(entities
      in the same group mayadopt IFRS at different dates)
            
            
            The Company may
      elect different IFRS accounting policies than its subsidiaries (but the
      subsidiaries would need to align those policies when preparing
      consolidated IFRS financial statements).
          
            Cumulative transaction differences(IAS 21, “The Effects of
      Changes inForeign Exchange Rates”)
            
            
            The Company has elected to reset all cumulative translation gains
      and losses to zero in opening earnings at January 1,
  2010.
          
    
    We are in the
process of quantifying the expected material differences between IFRS and the
current accounting treatment under Canadian GAAP. Differences with respect to
recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial information
are expected to be in the following key account areas:
     
    
      

            Key Accounting
Area
                  
            Differences with Potential Impact
      to the Company
          
            
              Presentation of FinancialStatements (IAS 1)
            
             
            
              
                Additional disclosures
        in the notes to the financial statements. 
                  
                Statement of Operations
        expected to be presented by functional category versus by type of
        expenditure. 
              
            
          
            
              Property
      and Equipment (IAS 16)
               
            
            
            
            
              
                Evaluating impact of
        componentization on accounting policy
                  
                All significant components
        of furniture and fixtures, office equipment and computer hardware will
        be amortized accordingly to their useful lives determined in accordance
        with IFRS. 
              
            
          
            
              Impairment
      of Assets (IAS 36)
               
            
            
            
            
              
                Grouping of assets in
        cash-generating units (CGUs) on the basis of independent cash inflows
        for impairment testing purposes, using a Fair Value or Value-in-Use
        (i.e. discounted cash-flow method (DCF)) approach.
                  
                Goodwill allocated to,
        and tested in, conjunction with its related CGU or group of CGUs.
                  
                Under certain
        circumstances, previous impairment taken (other than goodwill) is
        required to be reversed.
                  
                The Company is
        currently in the process of defining a CGU. 
              
            
          
            
              Income
      Taxes (IAS 12)(Subject to
      adoption at transition ofa revised IAS 12
    standard)
            
            
            
            
              
                Recognition and
        measurement criteria for deferred tax assets and liabilities may
        differ. 
              
            
          
            
              Share-based Payments (IFRS 2)
               
            
            
            
            
              
                Each installment
        accounted for as a separate arrangement. Compensation expense for a
        share-based payment award that vests over a three-year period will be
        calculated and recognized as three separate awards (graded vesting)
        instead of as a single award recognized on a straight-line basis.
        
              
            
          
            
              Provisions
      and Contingencies(IAS 37)
            
            
            
            
              
                Different threshold
        used for recognition of a contingent liability, which could have an
        impact on timing of when a provision may be recorded.
  
              
            
          
    
    The above is not
an exhaustive list of all the significant impacts that could occur during the
conversion to IFRS. We continue to monitor and assess the impact of evolving
differences between Canadian GAAP and IFRS, since the IASB is expected to
continue to issue new accounting standards during the transition period. As a
result, the final impact of IFRS on our consolidated financial statements can
only be measured once all the applicable IFRS at the conversion date are
known.
     
    Our IFRS
conversion project is progressing according to schedule. As the project
advances, the Company could alter its intentions and the milestones communicated
at the time of reporting as a result of changes to international standards
currently in development, or in light of new information or other external
factors that could arise between now and when the changeover has been
completed.
     
    Page 14 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     
    Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009
were $46.7 million, a decrease of $12.9 million, or 22%, from 2008 due primarily
to declines in our supporting Contract Automotive segment of $10.0
million.
     
    
      

            The following table provides a
      breakdown of our revenues for the reported periods:
          
            
            
          
            (Expressed in thousands of U.S.
      dollars)
            
            
            Year ended December
31,
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            2008
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            Product and
            
            
            Engineering
            
            
             
            
            
            Product and
            
            
            Engineering
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                  
            Service
                  
            Development
                  
            Total
                  
            Service
                  
            Development
                  
            Total
          
            Fuel Cell Products
            
            
            $
            24,142
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            $
            24,142
            
            
            $
            22,405
            
            
            $
            5,236
            
            
            $
            27,641
          
            Contract Automotive
            
            
            
            
            9,170
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            9,170
            
            
            
            
            17,598
            
            
            
            
            1,618
            
            
            
            
            19,216
          
            Material
      Products
            
            
            
            
            13,410
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            13,410
            
            
            
            
            12,723
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            12,723
          
            
            
            
            
            $    
      
            46,722
            
            
            $    
      
            -
            
            
            $    
      
            46,722
            
            
            $     
            52,726
            
            
            $     
            6,854
            
            
            $     
            59,580
          
    
    Fuel Cell
Products product and service revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009
increased $1.7 million, or 8%, compared to 2008. Increased fuel cell bus
revenues as a result of the shipment of the remaining ten fuel cell bus modules
for the B.C. Transit 2010 Olympic fuel cell bus program in the second quarter of
2009 ($6.0 million) combined with fuel cell bus module shipments for the
Transport of London and the Advanced Public Transportation System by (“APTS”)
fuel cell bus programs drove the increase. Increases in back-up power market
revenues as a result of work completed on the First Energy distributed power
generator project combined with increased unit shipments as a result of the
successful completion of the hydrogen unit product acceptance milestone with
ACME in the second quarter of 2009 were more than offset by lower shipments in
the material handling and residential cogeneration markets. Fuel Cell Products
shipments in our back-up power and materials handling markets totaled 988 units
and 182 units, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2009, as compared
to 720 units and 508 units, respectively, for the year ended December 31,
2008.
     
    Fuel Cell
Products engineering development revenues were nil for the year ended December
31, 2009, a $5.2 million reduction compared to 2008. The absence of Fuel Cell
Products engineering development revenues in 2009 was expected due primarily to
the completion of our 1kW residential cogeneration fuel cell program and the
completion of pre-production work related to the B.C. Transit 2010 Olympic fuel
cell bus program in the third quarter of 2008. The costs associated with these
engineering development revenues are included in research and development
expenses. 
     
    Contract Automotive product
and service revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009 decreased $8.4 million, or 48%, compared to 2008
due to lower contract manufacturing of light-duty automotive fuel cell products
at lower prices to AFCC, Daimler and Ford, combined with lower automotive
service revenues derived primarily from testing and
engineering services to AFCC. Contract Automotive engineering development
revenues were nil for the year ended December 31, 2009, a $1.6 million reduction
compared to 2008. The absence of Contract Automotive engineering development
revenues in 2009 was expected due to the closing of the AFCC Transaction on
January 31, 2008. The costs associated with these engineering development
revenues are included in research and development expenses.
    Page 15 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Material
Products revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009 increased $0.7 million,
or 5%, compared to 2008 due primarily to increased volumes of fuel cell GDL
shipments combined with the maintenance of carbon friction material product
revenues as price increases offset the impact of lower volumes as a result of
the slowdown in the U.S. automotive sector during the first half of 2009.

     
    Cost of product and service
revenues for
the year ended December 31, 2009 were $40.8 million, a decrease of $6.6 million,
or 14%, compared to 2008. The 14% decrease year over year is reflective of the
11% decrease in product and service revenues for the respective
periods.
     
    Gross margins on
product and service revenues increased to $5.9 million, or to 12% of revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2009, compared to $5.3 million, or 10% of
product and service revenues for 2008. Increased gross margins 2009 as a result
of increased shipments fuel cell buses and carbon fiber products combined with
work performed on the First Energy distributed power generator program more than
offset the decline in gross margin as a result of lower automotive shipments and
service revenues. Gross margins in 2009 were also negatively impacted by more
aggressive product pricing on our back-up power products in order to encourage
market adoption whereas gross margins in 2008 were negatively impacted by more
aggressive product pricing and enhanced warranty coverage on our materials
handling products in order to encourage market adoption. 
     
    Research and product
development expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2009 were $26.6 million, a decrease of $10.6
million, or 28%, compared to 2008. The decline in expenditures is due primarily
to the 20% workforce reduction initiated in August 2009 and the 7% workforce
reduction initiated in March 2009 combined with the disposition of our
automotive fuel cell development programs on the closing of the AFCC Transaction
on January 31, 2008, the completion of our 1kW residential cogeneration fuel
cell program in the third quarter of 2008, and the positive effects of a weaker
Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. In addition, as part of our
restructuring events we have significantly narrowed our research efforts in the
business and have begun to aggressively pursue government funding for our
programs. Government research funding is reflected as a cost offset to research
and product development expenses.
     
    Included in
research and product development expenses for 2008 were costs of $5.9 million
related to our achievement of predefined milestones for our customers under the
development programs for which we earned engineering development
revenue.
     
    General and
administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2009 were $10.8 million, a decrease of
1.7 million, or 14%, compared to 2008. This decline in expenditures is due
primarily to the 20% workforce reduction initiated in August 2009 and the 7%
workforce reduction initiated in March 2009 combined with the positive effects
of a weaker Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar, which more than offset
the negative impacts of a one-time commodity tax assessment.
     
    Page 16 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Sales and marketing
expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2009 were $7.2 million, a decrease of 0.3 million,
or 3%, compared to 2008. Increased investment in sales and marketing capacity in
2009 in support of commercial efforts was more than offset by cost optimization
efforts and the positive effects of a weaker Canadian dollar, relative to the
U.S. dollar. 
     
    Restructuring and
related
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2009 were $6.2 million and relate to
the 20% workforce reduction initiated in August 2009 and the 7% workforce
reduction initiated in March 2009. 
     
    Acquisition
charges for
the year ended December 31, 2009 were $0.5 million and relate to costs incurred
on the acquisition of a controlling interest in Dantherm Power, completed on
January 18, 2010. 
     
    Depreciation and
amortization was $6.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2009, an increase of $0.5 million, or
9%, compared to 2008. Depreciation and amortization increased in 2009 due
primarily to an acceleration of amortization expense of $2.5 million for patents
that were no longer in use. This increase was only partially offset by declines
in depreciation and amortization expense as some assets became fully depreciated
or amortized during 2008. 
     
    Investment and other income
(loss) was $6.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2009, compared to a loss of ($2.9)
million for 2008. The following table provides a breakdown of our investment and
other income and foreign exchange gain for the reported periods: 
     
    
      

            
            
            2009
                  
            2008
             
          
            Curtailment gain on employee future
      benefit plans
            $    
      
            1,055
            
            
            $    
      
            -
            
            
          
            Investment return (loss) less interest cost on
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            employee future benefit plans
            
            
            741
            
            
            
            
            (2,686
            )
          
            Investment income
            
            
            387
            
            
            
            
            2,012
            
            
          
            Foreign exchange gain (loss)
            
            
            3,187
            
            
            
            
            (3,653
            )
          
            Other
      income
            
            
            625
            
            
            
            
            1,456
            
            
          
            Investment and other income
      (loss)
            $
            5,995
            
            
            $
            (2,871
            )
          
    
    Curtailment gain
on employee future benefit plans was $1.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2009 and resulted from a freeze in future benefits of a defined benefit
pension plan applicable for our current and former employees in the United
States. As a result of the curtailment, there will be no further current service
cost related to this defined benefit pension plan.
     
    Page 17 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Investment return (loss) less
interest cost on employee future benefit plans was $0.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 2009 as compared to a loss of ($2.7) million during 2008. The
improvement in 2009, as compared to 2008, was primarily a result of a recovery
in the capital markets in 2009 which resulted in increased returns on
plan assets related to the above defined benefit pension plan. We account for
future employee benefits using the fair value method of accounting. As a result,
employee future benefit plan assets and accrued benefit obligations are recorded
at their fair values on each balance sheet date with the actual return on plan
assets and any net actuarial gains or losses recognized immediately in the
statement of operations. The fair values are determined directly by reference to
quoted market prices.
     
    Investment
income was $0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, a decrease of $1.6
million, or 81%, compared to 2008. The decrease was a result of declining
interest rates combined with lower average cash balances in 2009 compared to
2008. We classify our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as
held-for-trading and measure these assets at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized in income. The fair values are determined directly by reference
to quoted market prices. During 2008 and into 2009, the investment market was
negatively impacted by liquidity and credit market concerns along with increased
concerns about a global economic slowdown. We continue to review our exposure to
these issues and have determined that there are no material impacts on our
investment portfolio.
     
    Foreign exchange
gains and losses are attributable to the effect of the changes in the value of
the Canadian dollar, relative to the U.S. dollar, on our Canadian
dollar-denominated net monetary assets and on outstanding foreign exchange
contracts to buy or sell Canadian dollars over the respective periods. The
foreign exchange gains in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2009 of $2.3
million, $1.0 million, and $1.2 million, respectively, resulted primarily from
the strengthening of the Canadian dollar during the quarters and more than
offset the first quarter of 2009 foreign exchange loss of $1.4 million, which
had resulted primarily from the weakening of the Canadian dollar during that
quarter. Compared to the U.S. dollar, the Canadian dollar has strengthened to
1.05 at December 31, 2009, as compared to 1.07 at September 30, 2009, 1.16 at
June 30, 2009, 1.26 at March 31, 2009 and 1.22 at December 31, 2008. The foreign
exchange loss of $3.7 million for 2008 resulted from the weakening of the
Canadian dollar in 2008. Compared to the U.S. dollar, the Canadian dollar
weakened in 2008 from 0.99 at December 31, 2007 to 1.22 at December 31, 2008. In
addition to foreign exchange contracts, we hold Canadian dollar cash and
short-term investments to reduce the foreign currency risk inherent in
expenditures denominated in Canadian dollars. Our foreign denominated cash and
short-term investments do not qualify for hedge accounting and therefore foreign
exchange gains and losses are recognized when they occur. 
     
    See note 20 to
our consolidated financial statements for additional information about the
significance of financial instruments to our financial position and performance,
the nature and extent of risks arising from those financial instruments to which
we are exposed, and how we manage those risks. 
     
    Page 18 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Other income was
$0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, a decrease of $0.8 million,
or 57%, compared to 2008. The decline was expected due to fewer administrative
support services provided to AFCC in 2009.
     
    Gain on assets held for
sale was $34.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2009 compared to $96.8 million for 2008. The 2009 gain was
primarily a result of the AFCC Monetization whereas the 2008 gain reflects the
disposition of automotive assets pursuant to the AFCC Transaction. 
     
    Loss on disposal and write-down of
long-lived assets were $2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2008 primarily as a
result of a $3.0 million write-down in our investment in Chrysalix to $0.5
million, representing estimated net realizable value. 
     
    Equity income (loss) of associated
companies was
income of $8.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, compared to a loss
of ($8.6) million, for 2008 and related to our share of the losses of EBARA
BALLARD. On the announcement of our decision in May 2009 to discontinue
operations in EBARA BALLARD, the $10.8 million of historic recorded equity
losses in EBARA BALLARD (including $2.4 million of equity losses recorded in
2009 prior to the wind-up) in excess of our net investment in EBARA BALLARD, was
reversed to net income as (i) Ebara was solely responsible for the liquidation
obligations of EBARA BALLARD; and (ii) we are not committed to provide, nor do
we intend to provide, any further financial support to EBARA BALLARD. EBARA
BALLARD was formally dissolved in October 2009.
     
    CASH FLOWS, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES 
     
    CASH FLOWS

     
    Cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments were $82.2 million as at December 31,
2009, compared to $85.4 million at the end of 2008. The decrease of $3.2 million
in 2009 was driven by a net loss (excluding non-cash items) of $35.5 million, an
advance to EBARA BALLARD of $5.0 million, capital expenditures (net of proceeds
on sale of capital assets) of $4.6 million and payment of non-dilutive financing
costs of $3.2 million. These outflows were partially offset by proceeds on the
AFCC Monetization of $37.0 million and working capital inflows of $8.5
million.
     
    For the year
ended December 31, 2009, working capital requirements resulted in cash inflows
of $8.5 million compared to cash inflows of $8.9 million for 2008. In 2009,
working capital inflows were driven by lower accounts receivable of $6.1 million
due primarily to collections of our fuel cell bus and contract automotive
product and service revenues, higher accrued warranty liabilities of $4.0
million due primarily to product shipments for the B.C. Transit 2010 Olympic and
APTS fuel cell bus programs, lower inventory expenditures of $1.4 million and
higher accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $1.6 million. These working
capital inflows in 2009 were partially offset by cash outflows from the draw
down of deferred revenue of $3.7 million due primarily to amounts earned under
the First Energy distributed power generator program. Working capital inflows of
$8.9 million for 2008 were driven by lower inventory of $4.5 million due to
higher fourth quarter shipments of fuel cell bus, materials handing and back-up
power products combined with improved inventory management and increased
platinum recoveries, higher accrued warranty liabilities of $3.1 million as a
result of the above noted fourth quarter product shipments, and higher deferred
revenue of $0.8 million due to the timing of payments on pre-funded
contracts.
     
    Page 19 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Investing
activities resulted in cash inflows of $19.7 million for the year ended December
31, 2009, compared to cash outflows of $6.0 million in 2008. Investing
activities in 2009 include gross proceeds received on the closing of the AFCC
Monetization of $37.0 million. The AFCC Monetization closing costs of $1.4
million were accrued at December 31, 2009 and paid during 2010. Changes in
short-term investments resulted in cash outflows of $7.6 million in 2009 as
compared to inflows of $64.9 million in 2008. Balances changed between cash
equivalents and short-term investments as we make investment decisions with
regards to the term of investments and our future cash requirements. Capital
spending (net of proceeds on sale) of $4.6 million in 2009, and $3.1 million in
2008, was primarily for manufacturing equipment in order to build production
capacity. The cash flows used for other investing activities in 2009 of $5.1
million include an investment in EBARA BALLARD of $5.0 million and an investment
in Chrysalix Energy Limited Partnership of $0.2 million. The cash flows used for
other investing activities in 2008 of $6.2 million represent a net investment in
EBARA BALLARD of $5.9 million, comprising of an additional investment of $11.2
million offset by licensing cash receipts of $5.3 million, combined with an
investment in Chrysalix of $0.3 million.
     
    Financing
activities resulted in cash outflows of $3.5 million for the year ended December
31, 2009, compared to cash inflows of $36.9 million for 2008. Financing
activities in 2009 represent the payment of the remaining closing costs of $3.2
million which were accrued at December 31, 2008 on the closing of the
Arrangement with Superior, and the purchase of treasury stock under our market
purchase restricted share unit plan of $0.2 million. Financing activities in
2008 represent gross proceeds received on the closing of the Arrangement with
Superior of $38.0 million less initial closing costs paid in 2008 of $1.1
million. 
     
    As at March 9,
2010, we had 84,059,291 common shares issued and outstanding and stock options
to purchase 5,410,838 of our common shares outstanding. 
     
    LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     
    As at December
31, 2009, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling
$82.2 million. We will use our funds to meet net funding requirements for the
development and commercialization of products in our target markets. This
includes research and product development for fuel cells and material products,
the purchase of equipment for our manufacturing and testing facilities, the
further development of business systems and low-cost manufacturing processes and
the further development of our sales and marketing, product distribution and
service capabilities. 
     
    Page 20 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    At this stage of
our development, we expect to record losses for at least the next few years as
we continue to make significant investments in research and product and market
development activities necessary to commercialize our products. Our actual
funding requirements will vary based on the factors noted above, our
relationships with our lead customers and strategic partners, our success in
developing new channels to market and relationships with customers, our success
in generating revenue growth from near-term product opportunities, our working
capital requirements, foreign exchange fluctuations, and the progress and
results of our research, development and demonstration programs. 
     
    Our financial
strategy is to manage our cash resources with strong fiscal discipline, focus on
markets with high product and service revenue growth potential, license
technology in cases where it is advantageous to us, and access available
government funding for research and development projects. Our current financing
principle is to maintain cash balances sufficient to fund at least six quarters
of operating cash consumption at all times. We believe that our current cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments, combined with our subsequent
monetization of our head office building in Burnaby, British Columbia through a
sale and leaseback transaction, are sufficient to meet our planned growth and
development activities for the foreseeable future without the need to access
public market financing. However, circumstances could change which would make it
advantageous for us to access additional capital.
     
    2010 OUTLOOK
     
    We expect
revenues for 2010 to be in excess of 35% over our 2009 revenues of $46.7
million. Our revenue outlook for 2010 is based on
our internal revenue forecast which reflects an assessment of overall business
conditions and takes into account actual sales in the first two months of 2010,
sales orders received for units and services to be delivered in 2010, and an
estimate with respect to the generation of new sales in each of our markets. Our
2010 revenue outlook is supported by committed orders for products and services
of $22.7 million at December 31, 2009 (consisting of $12.5 million for Fuel Cell
Products, $5.8 million for Contract Automotive, and $4.5 million for Material
Products); and by the following expected growth milestones: 
    
      Commencement of shipments of
  back-up power fuel cell stacks for deployment to Idatech, LLC’s
  reformate-based supplemental power systems for the Indian telecom
  market. 
        
      Deployment of Dantherm Power
  hydrogen-based back-up power systems in one major new
  network; 
        
      Commissioning of the 1 MW
  distributed generation system for FirstEnergy Corp.; 
        
      Recording our first distributed
  generation system sale utilizing by-product hydrogen; 
        
      More than doubling volumes of
  material handling fuel cell stack shipments, in line with Plug Power Inc.’s
  2010 shipment target of 1,100 GenDrive ™ systems; and 
        
      Recording new fuel cell bus
  contracts to support the deployment of more than 25 buses. 
    
    Page 21 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    We expect to
improve our cash flow from operations in 2010 by 30% over our 2009 cash used by
operations of ($26.9) million. A primary driver for this expected reduction in
cash flow from operations for 2010 are expected increases in gross margins as a
result of the above 35% expected increase in revenues, combined with the full
year benefit of our streamlined operating expense base as a result of the 20%
workforce reduction initiated in August 2009 and the 7% workforce reduction
initiated in March 2009. Our cash flow from operations outlook for 2010 is based
on our internal cash flow from operations forecast and takes into account our
forecasted gross margin and working capital impacts related to the above revenue
forecast, the costs of our current operating expense base, and assumes an
average U.S. dollar exchange rate of 1.10 in relation to the Canadian
dollar.
     
    Cash used by
operations is expected to be materially higher in the first quarter of 2010, as
compared to the last three quarters of the year, due primarily to working
capital impacts related to the payment of accrued severance, accrued AFCC
Monetization expenses and accrued acquisition costs related to the subsequent
purchase of Dantherm Power; the buildup of inventory to support automotive fuel
cell shipments to Daimler expected to commence in the second quarter of 2010;
and the expected timing of revenues and the related customer collections.

     
    OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS &
CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
     
    In 2009, we
completed the AFCC Monetization with a financial institution to monetize our
rights under a Share Purchase Agreement with Ford relating to our 19.9% equity
investment in AFCC. On the closing of the AFCC Monetization in 2009, we received
a cash payment of $37 million and a contingent payment of $7.5 million. The
contingent payment of $7.5 million is due upon maturation of the Share Purchase
Agreement on or before January 31, 2013, and is contingent on the financial
institution’s rights in the transaction remaining unsubordinated. Due to the
contingent nature of the $7.5 million receipt in 2013, this receipt has not been
accrued in our consolidated financial statements as at December 31,
2009.
     
    Periodically, we
use foreign exchange contracts to manage our exposure to currency rate
fluctuations and platinum forward purchase contracts to manage our exposure to
platinum price fluctuations. We record these contracts at their fair value as
either assets or liabilities on our balance sheet. Any changes in fair value are
recorded in our consolidated statements of operations. 
     
    As at December
31, 2009, we did not have any other material obligations under guarantee
contracts, retained or contingent interests in transferred assets, outstanding
derivative instruments or non-consolidated variable interests.
     
    During 2009, a
Canadian governmental agency agreed to terminate potential royalties payable of
Canadian $5.4 million in respect of future sales of fuel cell-based stationary
power products under a historic development program. As a result, total
royalties payable in respect of future sales of fuel cell-based stationary power
products under two development programs with certain Canadian government
agencies have been reduced from up to a maximum of Canadian $49.0 million at
December 31, 2008 to a maximum of Canadian $43.7 million at December 31, 2009.
As at December 31, 2009, we
have made total royalty payments of Canadian $5.3 million against this potential
obligation, including royalty payments of Canadian $0.1 million in 2009. The
conditions under which these royalties become payable are described in more
detail in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. 
     
    Page 22 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
    
    
    We have
committed to make future capital contributions of $0.3 million (Canadian $0.3
million) in Chrysalix, in which we have a limited partnership
interest.
     
    As at December
31, 2009 we had the following contractual obligations and commercial
commitments: 
     
    
      

            (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)
            
            
            Payments due by period,
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Less than
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            After 5
          
            Contractual
      Obligations
                  
            Total
                  
            one year
                  
            1-3 years
                  
            4-5 years
                  
            years
          
            Operating leases
            
            
            $
            18,522
            
            
            $
            1,789
             
            $
            3,577
             
            $
            3,631
             
            $  
            9,525
          
            Asset retirement
      obligations
            
            
             
            3,988
            
            
             
            -
            
            
             
            -
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            3,988
          
            Total
      contractual obligations
            
            
            $
             
      22,510
             
            $
            1,789
            
            
            $
            3,577
            
            
            $
            3,631
            
            
            $
            13,513
          
    
    In addition to
the contractual purchase obligations above, we have commitments to purchase $1.4
million of capital assets as at December 31, 2009. Capital expenditures pertain
to our regular operations and will be funded through either capital leases or
cash on hand.
     
    The Arrangement
with Superior Plus includes an indemnification agreement dated December 31, 2008
(the "Indemnity Agreement"), which sets out the parties’ continuing obligations
to the other. The Indemnity Agreement has two basic elements: it provides for
the indemnification by each of the parties to the other for breaches of
representations and warranties or covenants as well as, in our case, any
liability relating to our business which is suffered by Superior Plus. Our
indemnity to Superior Plus with respect to our representation relating to the
existence of our tax pools immediately prior to the completion of the
Arrangement is limited to an aggregate of $7.0 million (Canadian $7.4 million)
with a threshold amount of $0.5 million (Canadian $0.5 million) before there is
an obligation to make a payment. Second, the Indemnity Agreement provides for
adjustments to be paid by us, or to us, depending on the final determination of
the amount of our Canadian non-capital losses, scientific research and
development expenditures and investment tax credits generated to December 31,
2008, to the extent that such amounts are more or less than the amounts
estimated at the time the Arrangement was executed. At December 31, 2009, we
have not accrued any amount owing, or receivable, as a result of the Indemnity
Agreement.
     
    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     
    Related parties
include shareholders with a significant ownership interest in us, together with
their subsidiaries and affiliates, our key management personnel and our
equity-accounted investees. Revenues and costs recognized from such transactions
reflect the prices and terms of sale and purchase transactions with related
parties, which are in accordance with normal trade practices. Related parties
include EBARA BALLARD and EBARA Corporation prior to the discontinuance of our
operations in EBARA BALLARD in May 2009; and Daimler and Ford prior to the
closing of the AFCC Transaction on January 31, 2008. AFCC is not considered to
be a related party as we do not have the ability to exercise significant
influence over AFCC’s strategic operating, investing or financing
policies.
     
    Page 23 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    We have earned
revenues from related parties from the sale of products and services and from
engineering development revenues. We have provided funding to related parties
for the purposes of conducting research and development on our behalf. We have
also purchased intellectual property and obtained licenses from, and granted
licenses to, related parties. As a result of the AFCC Transaction and the
discontinuance of operations in EBARA BALLARD, related party transactions have
been reduced. 
     
    Related party
transactions and balances are as follows: 
     
    
      

            (Expressed in thousands of U.S.
      dollars)
                  
            Years Ended
      December 31,
          
            Transactions with related
      parties
            
            
            2009
                  
            2008
          
            Revenues from products, engineering
      services and other
            
            
            $     
      
            380
            
            
            $     
      
            7,906
          
            Purchases
            
            
            
            
            78
            
            
            
            
            188
          
            Net
      investments and advances
            
            
            
            
            5,000
            
            
            
            
            5,939
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            (Expressed in thousands of U.S.
      dollars)
            
            
            As at December 31,
          
            Balances with related
      parties
            
            
            2009
                  
            2008
          
            Accounts receivable
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            $
            4,500
          
            Accounts payable
      and accrued liabilities
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            $
            31
          
    
    The AFCC
Transaction, which closed on January 31, 2008, is also a related party
transaction.
     
    For 2010, the
operating results of Dantherm Power will be consolidated with Ballard’s. As
such, all transactions between Dantherm Power and Ballard will be eliminated.
Transactions between Ballard and Dantherm Power’s non-controlling partners,
Danfoss A/S and Dantherm A/S, will be considered to be related party
transactions. 
     
    Page 24 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA
(UNAUDITED) 
     
    The following
table provides summary financial data for our last eight quarters: 
     
    
      

            (Expressed in thousands of U.S.
      dollars, except per share amounts)
            
            
            Quarter ended,
          
            
            
                  
            Dec 31,
             
                  
            Sep 30,
             
                  
            Jun 30,
             
                  
            Mar 31,
             
          
            
            
            
            
            2009
             
            
            
            2009
             
            
            
            2009
             
            
            
            2009
             
          
            Product and service
    revenue
            
            
            $    

            16,516
            
            
            
            
            $    

            9,047
            
            
            
            
            $    

            13,075
            
            
            
            
            $    

            8,084
            
            
          
            Engineering
      development revenue
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
                   Total revenue
            
            
            $
            16,516
            
            
            
            
            $
            9,047
            
            
            
            
            $
            13,075
            
            
            
            
            $
            8,084
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Net income (loss)
            
            
            $
            25,634
            
            
            
            
            $
            (11,352
            )
            
            
            $
            1,583
            
            
            
            
            $
            (19,123
            )
          
            Net income (loss) per share, basic
      and diluted
            
            
            $
            0.31
            
            
            
            
            $
            (0.14
            )
            
            
            $
            0.02
            
            
            
            
            $
            (0.23
            )
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Weighted average common shares
      outstanding
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            (000’s)
            
            
            
            
            83,974
            
            
            
            
            
            
            83,955
            
            
            
            
            
            
            83,941
            
            
            
            
            
            
            82,662
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            Dec 31,
             
            
            
            Sep 30,
             
            
            
            Jun 30,
             
            
            
            Mar 31,
             
          
            
            
            
            
            2008
             
            
            
            2008
             
            
            
            2008
             
            
            
            2008
             
          
            Product and service
    revenue
            
            
            $
            18,605
            
            
             
            $
            10,879
            
            
            
            
            $
            11,131
            
            
            
            
            $
            12,111
            
            
          
            Engineering
      development revenue
            
            
            
            
            296
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,406
             
             
            
            
            1,220
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,932
            
            
          
                   Total revenue
             
            $
            18,901
            
            
            
            
            $
            12,285
            
            
            
            
            $
            12,351
            
            
            
            
            $
            16,043
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Net income (loss)
            
            
            $
            (19,161
            )
            
            
            $
            (16,186
            )
            
            
            $
            (13,638
            )
             
            $
            80,440
             
          
            Net income (loss) per share, basic
      and diluted
            
            
            $
            (0.23
            )
            
            
            $
            (0.20
            )
            
            
            $
            (0.17
            )
            
            
            $
            0.86
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Weighted average common shares
      outstanding
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            (000’s)
             
            
            
            82,116
            
            
            
            
            
            
            82,102
            
            
            
            
            
            
            82,086
            
            
            
            
            
            
            93,447
            
            
          
    
    Summary of Quarterly Results:
There were no significant seasonal variations in our quarterly results.
Variations in our net income (loss) for the above periods were affected
primarily by the following factors: 
    
      Product and service
  revenues: Variations in fuel cell product revenues
  reflect the timing of our customers’ fuel cell vehicle, bus and field cell
  product deployments. Product revenues in the second quarter of 2009 and the
  fourth quarter of 2008 were positively impacted by the shipments of fuel cell
  bus modules related to the B.C. Transit 2010 Olympic fuel cell bus program
  totaling $6.0 million in each of those quarters. Revenue from testing and
  engineering services to AFCC commenced in the first quarter of 2008.
  Variations in fuel cell service revenues reflect the timing of work performed
  and the achievements of milestones under the First Energy distributed power
  generator program which commenced in the second quarter of 2009 and from
  government contracts in the material handling and back-up power
  markets. 
        
      Engineering development
  revenue: Variations in engineering development
  revenue reflect the timing of work performed and the achievements of
  milestones under the 1kW residential cogeneration fuel cell development
  program and from light duty automotive and fuel cell bus programs. As a result
  of the AFCC Transaction, there were no light duty automotive fuel program
  engineering development revenues subsequent to January 2008. In addition, the
  1kW residential cogeneration fuel cell development program was completed in
  the third quarter of 2008. 
    
    Page 25 of 30

     
    
    
    
    
    
      Operating
  expenditures: Operating expenses have declined in the
  last three quarters of 2009 as a result of the 20% workforce reduction
  initiated in August 2009 and the 7% workforce reduction initiated in March
  2009. Operating expenses also include restructuring and related expenses of
  $4.8 million in the third quarter of 2009 and $1.4 million in the first
  quarter of 2009 as a result of the above workforce reduction initiatives.
  Operating expenses also reflect changes in the value of the Canadian dollar
  versus the U.S. dollar. 
        
      Depreciation and
  amortization: Depreciation and amortization has declined
  for the first three quarters of 2009 and the four quarters of 2008 as several
  assets became fully depreciated or amortized during 2007 and certain
  intangible assets were disposed of in the AFCC Transaction. Depreciation and
  amortization expense increased in the fourth quarter of 2009 due an
  acceleration of amortization expense of $2.5 million for patents that were no
  longer in use. 
        
      Investment and other income:
  Investment and
  other income include foreign exchange gains (losses), investment income,
  curtailment and mark to market gains (losses) on our employee future benefit
  plans, and other income. Foreign exchange gains (losses) have varied in each
  quarter due to fluctuations in the Canadian dollar, relative to the U.S.
  dollar, on our Canadian dollar-denominated cash and short-term investments,
  and on our outstanding foreign exchange contracts to buy or sell Canadian
  dollars. Investment income has continually declined for the last eight
  quarters due to declines in our cash equivalents and short-term investment
  portfolios and declines in interest rates. Investment and other income in the
  fourth quarter of 2009 was positively impacted by a $1.1 curtailment gain
  resulting from a freeze in future benefits of a defined benefit pension plan
  applicable for our current and former employees in the United
  States. 
        
      Loss on disposal and write-down of
  long-lived assets: The net loss for the fourth quarter of 2008 was negatively impacted by
  a $3.0 million write-down of our investment in Chrysalix. 
        
      Gain on sale of
  assets: The net
  income for the fourth quarter of 2009 was significantly impacted by a $34.3
  million gain on the AFCC Monetization. The net income for the first quarter of
  2008 was significantly impacted by a $96.8 million gain on the sale of assets
  pursuant to the AFCC Transaction. 
        
      Equity income (loss) of associated
  companies: The net
  income for the second quarter of 2009 was significantly impacted by a $10.8
  million gain recorded on the discontinuance of operations in EBARA BALLARD,
  representing the reversal of our historic recorded equity losses in EBARA
  BALLARD in excess of our net investment in EBARA BALLARD at that time. Net
  income (loss) for the first quarter of 2009 and the four quarters of 2008, was
  impacted by equity losses in EBARA BALLARD ranging from approximately $1.0
  million to $3.0 million, respectively, per quarter. 
    
    Page 26 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    RISKS & UNCERTAINTIES

     
    An investment in
our common shares involves risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks
described below and the other information contained in, and incorporated into,
this Management Discussion and Analysis, our financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2009, and our Annual Information Form. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks
and uncertainties, including those that we do not know about now or that we
currently deem immaterial, may also adversely affect our business. For a more
complete discussion of risks and uncertainties summarized below which apply to
our business and our operating results, please see our Annual Information Form
and other filings with Canadian (www.sedar.com) and U.S. securities regulatory authorities (www.sec.gov). These documents are also available on
our website at www.ballard.com.

     
    Our business
entails risks and uncertainties that affect our outlook and eventual results of
our business and commercialization plans. The primary risks relate to meeting
our product development and commercialization milestones, which require that our
products exhibit the functionality, cost, durability and performance required in
a commercial product and that we have sufficient access to capital to fund these
activities. To be commercially useful, most of our products must be integrated
into products manufactured by system integrators or OEMs. There is no guarantee
that system integrators or OEMs will provide products that use our products as
components. There is also a risk that mass markets for certain of our products
may never develop, or that market acceptance might take longer to develop than
anticipated.
     
    A summary of
these identified risks and uncertainties are as follows: 
    
      We may not be able to achieve
  commercialization of our products on the timetable we anticipate, or at
  all; 
        
      We expect our cash reserves
  will be reduced due to future operating losses, and we cannot provide
  certainty as to how long our cash reserves will last or that we will be able
  to access additional capital when necessary; 
        
      We may not be able to
  successfully execute our business plan; 
        
      Potential fluctuations in our
  financial and business results make forecasting difficult and may restrict our
  access to funding for our commercialization plan; 
        
      Exchange rate fluctuations
  are beyond our control and may have a material adverse effect on our business,
  operating results, financial condition or profitability; 
        
      Commodity price fluctuations
  are beyond our control and may have a material adverse effect on our business,
  operating results, financial condition and profitability; 
        
      A mass market for our
  products may never develop or may take longer to develop than we anticipate;
  
    
    
    
     
    Page 27 of 30

     
    
    
    
    
    
      We have limited experience
  manufacturing fuel cell products on a commercial basis; 
        
      We are dependent on third
  party suppliers for the supply of key materials and components for our
  products; 
        
      We are dependent upon
  Original Equipment Manufacturers and Systems Integrators to purchase certain
  of our products; 
        
      Global economic conditions
  are beyond our control and may have an adverse impact on our business or on
  our key suppliers and / or customers; 
        
      Public Policy and regulatory
  changes could hurt the market for our products; 
        
      We depend on our intellectual
  property and our failure to protect that intellectual property could adversely
  affect our future growth and success; 
        
      We may be involved in
  intellectual property litigation that causes us to incur significant expenses
  or prevents us from selling our products; 
        
      We currently face and will
  continue to face significant competition; 
        
      We could lose or fail to
  attract the personnel necessary to run our business; 
        
      We could be liable for
  environmental damages resulting from our research, development or
  manufacturing operations; 
        
      Our products use flammable
  fuels, which could subject our business to product liability claims;
  
    
    
    
     
    MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON DISCLOSURE
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

     
    Disclosure controls and procedures

     
    Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all
relevant information is gathered and reported to senior management, including
the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and the Chief Financial
Officer (“CFO”), on a timely basis so that appropriate decisions can be made
regarding public disclosure. 
     
    As of the end of
the period covered by this report, we evaluated, under the supervision and with
the participation of management, including the CEO and the CFO, the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a–15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”). The CEO and CFO have concluded that as of
December 31, 2009, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified therein, and accumulated and reported to management
to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. 
     
    Page 28 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    Internal control over financial reporting

     
    The CEO and CFO, together
with other members of management, are responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over the Company’s financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is designed under our supervision, and
effected by the Company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in Canada and the requirements of
the Securities and Exchange Commission in the United States, as
applicable.
     
    There are
inherent limitations in the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, including the possibility that misstatements may not be prevented or
detected. Accordingly, even effective internal controls over financial reporting
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation. Furthermore, the effectiveness of internal controls can change with
circumstances.
     
    Management,
including the CEO and CFO, have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a–15(f) of the Exchange Act, in
relation to criteria described in Internal Control–Integrated
Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”).
Based on this evaluation, Management has determined that internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2009.
     
    KPMG LLP, our
independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated
financial statements and expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. KPMG has also
expressed an unqualified opinion on the effective operation of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009. 
     
    Changes in internal control over
financial reporting 
     
    During the year
ended December 31, 2009, there were no material changes in internal control over
financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

     
    NON-GAAP MEASURES 
     
    We use certain
non-GAAP measures to assist in assessing our financial performance and
liquidity. Non-GAAP measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by
GAAP and are therefore unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented
by other companies. A description of non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to
financial statement line items for the periods indicated are as
follows:
     
    Normalized net
loss measures
our net loss after excluding items that are unusual in nature or do not reflect
the normal continued operating activity of the business. Gains on sale of
assets, write-downs of investments, restructuring and related expenses, equity
income (loss) in associated companies, and acquisition and related costs are
either not considered part of our core activities, or are expected to occur
infrequently. Therefore we have removed these items in our calculation of
normalized net loss. We believe normalized net loss assists investors in
assessing our actual and future performance.
     
    Page 29 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
    
      

            (Expressed in thousands of U.S.
      dollars, except per
            
            
            Three
      months ended
            
            
             
          
            share amounts)
            
            
            December 31,
            
            
            Year ended December 31,
          
            Normalized net
loss
                  
            2009
            
            
                  
            2008
            
            
                  
            2009
            
            
                  
            2008
            
            
          
            Reported net income
(loss)
            
            
            $    
      
            25,634
            
            
            
            
            $    
      
            (19,161
            )
            
            
            $    
      
            (3,258
            )
            
            
            $    
      
            31,456
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Restructuring and related
      expenses
            
            
            
            
            36
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            6,229
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Gain loss on sale of
    assets
            
            
            
            
            (34,297
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (34,297
            )
            
            
            
            
            (96,845
            )
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Equity (income) loss in associated
      companies
            
            
            
            
            (421
            )
            
            
            
            
            942
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (8,364
            )
            
            
            
            
            8,649
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Write-down (gain on sale) of
      investments
            
            
            
            
            (71
            )
            
            
            
            
            2,812
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (122
            )
            
            
            
            
            2,812
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Acquisition
      charges
            
            
            
            
            529
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            529
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Normalized
      net loss
            
            
            $
            (8,590
            )
            
            
            $
            (15,407
            )
            
            
            $
            (39,283
            )
            
            
            $
            (53,928
            )
          
            Normalized net
      loss per share
            
            
            $
            (0.10
            )
            
            
            $
            (0.19
            )
            
            
            $
            (0.47
            )
            
            
            $
            (0.64
            )
          
            Weighted
      average common shares outstanding (000’s)
            
            
            
            
            83,974
            
            
            
            
            
            
            82,116
            
            
            
            
            
            
            83,637
            
            
            
            
            
            
            84,922
            
            
          
    
    Operating cash
consumption
measures the amount of cash required to fund the operating activities of our
business (net of restructuring and related costs) and excludes financing and
investing activities except for capital lease payments and additions, net of
proceeds on sale, of property, plant and equipment. We believe operating cash
consumption assists investors in assessing our requirements to fund future
operations. 
     
    
      

            (Expressed in thousands of U.S.
      dollars)
            
            
            Three months
      ended
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            December 31,
            
            
            Year ended December 31,
          
            Operating cash (consumption)
      contribution
            
            
            2009
            
            
                  
            2008
            
            
                  
            2009
            
            
            
            
            2008
            
            
          
            Cash from (used by)
      operations
            
            
            $    
      
            1,578
            
            
            
            
            $    
      
            (7,305
            )
            
            
            $    
      
            (26,962
            )
            
            
            $    
      
            (26,190
            )
          
            Restructuring and related expenses
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            (cash paid component)
            
            
            
            
            1,190
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            4,067
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Additions to property, plant and
      equipment
            
            
            
            
            (402
            )
            
            
            
            
            (1,460
            )
            
            
            
            
            (6,778
            )
            
            
            
            
            (3,560
            )
          
            Proceeds on sale of property, plant
      and equipment
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            (net of capital lease
      payments)
            
            
            
            
            2,127
            
            
            
            
            
            
            466
            
            
            
            
            
            
            2,131
            
            
            
            
            
            
            475
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Operating
      cash (consumption) contribution
            
            
            $
            4,493
            
            
            
            
            $
            (8,299
            )
            
            
            $
            (27,542
            )
            
            
            $
            (29,275
            )
          
    
    Page 30 of 30

     
    
    
    
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    
      

            
            
            
              Consolidated Financial
      Statements(Expressed in U.S. dollars) 
               
              BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS INC.
      
               
              Years ended
      December 31, 2009 and 2008 
               
            
            
            
          
    
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    F-2 
     
    
    
    
    MANAGEMENT’S REPORT 
     
    Management’s Responsibility for the Financial
Statements andReport on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting
     
    The consolidated financial statements
contained in this Annual Report have been prepared by management in accordance
with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). The integrity
and objectivity of the data in these consolidated financial statements are
management’s responsibility. Management is also responsible for all other
information in the Annual Report and for ensuring that this information is
consistent, where appropriate, with the information and data contained in the
consolidated financial statements. 
     
    Management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes
in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect fraud or misstatements because of limitations inherent in any
system of internal control. Management has assessed the effectiveness of the
Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and concluded that the Corporation’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2009.
In addition, management maintains disclosure controls and procedures to provide
reasonable assurance that material information is communicated to management and
appropriately disclosed. Some of the assets and liabilities include amounts,
which are based on estimates and judgments, as their final determination is
dependent on future events. 
     
    The Board of Directors oversees
management’s responsibilities for financial reporting through the Audit
Committee, which consists of five directors who are independent and not involved
in the daily operations of the Corporation. The Audit Committee meets on a
regular basis with management and the external and internal auditors to discuss
internal controls over the financial reporting process, auditing matters and
financial reporting issues. The Audit Committee is responsible for appointing
the external auditors (subject to shareholder approval), and reviewing and
approving all financial disclosure contained in our public documents and related
party transactions. 
     
    The external auditors, KPMG LLP, have
audited the financial statements and expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
KPMG has also expressed an unqualified opinion on the effective operation of the
internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009. The external
auditors have full access to management and the Audit Committee with respect to
their findings concerning the fairness of financial reporting and the adequacy
of internal controls.  
     
    
      

            “JOHN SHERIDAN”
            “BRUCE COUSINS”
          
             
            
            
          
              
            
            
          
            JOHN SHERIDAN
            BRUCE COUSINS
          
            President and
            Vice President and
          
            Chief Executive Officer
            Chief Financial Officer
          
            March 9, 2010
            March 9, 2010
          
    
    2 
     
    
    
    
    AUDITORS' REPORT 
     
    To the Shareholders of Ballard Power
Systems Inc. 
     
    We have audited the consolidated balance
sheets of Ballard Power Systems Inc. (the “Corporation") as at December 31, 2009
and 2008 and the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
(loss), shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2009. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
     
    We conducted our audits in accordance
with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. 
     
    In our opinion, these consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Corporation as at December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period
ended December 31, 2009 in accordance with Canadian generally accepted
accounting principles. 
     
    We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2009, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO), and our report dated March 9, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion on
the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial
reporting. 
     
     
     
    “KPMG LLP” 
     
    Chartered Accountants 
     
     
     
    Vancouver, CanadaMarch 9,
2010
     
    3
     
    
    
    
    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLICACCOUNTING FIRM 
     
    To the Shareholders and Board of
Directors of Ballard Power Systems Inc. 
     
    We have audited Ballard Power Systems
Inc. (the “Corporation")’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2009, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Corporation’s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
presented in the section entitled “Management’s Report on Disclosure Controls
and Procedures and Internal Controls over Financial Reporting” under the heading
“Internal control over financial reporting” included in Management Discussion
and Analysis. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation’s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
     
    We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 
     
    A company's internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

     
    Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 
     
    In our opinion, the Corporation
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
     
    We also have conducted our audits on the
consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted
auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Our report dated March 9, 2010 expressed an unqualified
opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
     
     
     
    “KPMG LLP” 
     
    Chartered Accountants
     
     
     
    Vancouver, CanadaMarch 9, 2010

     
    4
     
    
    
    
    BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
INC.Consolidated
Balance SheetsDecember 31,(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)
     
    
      

              
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                  
            2009
                  
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (revised – note
      1(c)(ii))
          
            Assets
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Current assets:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Cash and cash equivalents
            
            
            $
            43,299
            
            
            
            
            $
            54,086
            
            
          
            Short-term investments
            
            
            
            
            38,932
            
            
            
            
            
            
            31,313
            
            
          
            Accounts receivable (notes 4 &
      17)
            
            
            
            
            12,903
            
            
            
            
            
            
            18,856
            
            
          
            Inventories (note 5)
            
            
            
            
            9,168
            
            
            
            
            
            
            10,402
            
            
          
            Prepaid expenses and other current
      assets
            
            
            
            
            2,114
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,434
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            106,416
            
            
            
            
            
            
            116,091
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Property, plant and equipment (note
      6)
            
            
            
            
            39,320
            
            
            
            
            
            
            38,755
            
            
          
            Intangible assets (note 7)
            
            
            
            
            824
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,726
            
            
          
            Goodwill
            
            
            
            
            48,106
            
            
            
            
            
            
            48,106
            
            
          
            Investments (note 8)
            
            
            
            
            632
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,765
            
            
          
            Other long-term assets
            
            
            
            
            50
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            195,348
            
            
            
            
            $
            208,443
            
            
          
            Liabilities and Shareholders’
      Equity
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Current liabilities:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Accounts payable and accrued
      liabilities (notes 9 & 17)
            
            
            $
            20,321
            
            
            
            
            $
            21,819
            
            
          
            Deferred revenue
            
            
            
            
            1,607
            
            
            
            
            
            
            947
            
            
          
            Accrued warranty
    liabilities
            
            
            
            
            7,813
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,841
            
            
          
            Current portion of obligation under capital lease (note
    10)
            
            
            
            
            316
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            30,057
            
            
            
            
            
            
            26,607
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Long-term liabilities (notes 11
      & 12)
            
            
            
            
            4,632
            
            
            
            
            
            
            23,349
            
            
          
            Obligation under capital lease (note 10)
            
            
            
            
            1,739
            
            
             
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            36,428
            
            
            
            
            
            
            49,956
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Shareholders’ equity:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Share capital (note 13)
            
            
            
            
            835,358
             
            
            
            
            
            832,711
            
            
          
            Contributed surplus (notes 2 &
      13)
            
            
             
            284,510
            
            
            
            
            
            
            283,466
            
            
          
            Accumulated deficit
            
            
            
            
            (960,712
            )
             
             
            (957,454
            )
          
            Accumulated other comprehensive
      loss
            
            
            
            
            (236
            )
            
            
             
            (236
            )
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            158,920
            
            
            
            
            
            
            158,487
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            $    
      
            195,348
            
            
            
            
            $     
                    208,443
            
            
          
    
    See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.Commitments, guarantees and
contingencies (notes 10 & 15)Subsequent events (note 23) 
     
    
      

            Approved on behalf of the
      Board:
          
             
          
             
          
            “Ed Kilroy”
            “Ian Bourne”
          
            Director
            Director
          
    
     
    5
    
      
    
    
    
    BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
INC.Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)Years ended December
31,(Expressed in
thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts and number of
shares)
     
    
      

             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                  
            2009
                  
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (revised – note
      1(c)(ii))
          
            Revenues:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Product and service revenues
            
            
            $    
      
            46,722
            
            
            
            
            $     
                      52,726
            
            
          
            Engineering development
      revenue
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            6,854
            
            
          
            Total revenues
            
            
            
            
            46,722
            
            
            
            
            
            
            59,580
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Cost of revenues and
      expenses:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Cost of product and service revenues
            
            
            
            
            40,795
            
            
            
            
            
            
            47,432
            
            
          
            Research and product
      development
            
            
            
            
            26,628
            
            
            
            
            
            
            37,179
            
            
          
            General and administrative
            
            
            
            
            10,801
            
            
            
            
            
            
            12,515
            
            
          
            Sales and marketing
            
            
            
            
            7,203
            
            
            
            
            
            
            7,461
            
            
          
            Restructuring and related charges (note 9)
            
            
            
            
            6,229
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Acquisition charges (note
    23)
            
            
            
            
            529
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Depreciation and amortization
            
            
            
            
            6,580
            
            
            
            
            
            
            6,034
            
            
          
            Total cost of revenues and
      expenses
            
            
            
            
            98,765
            
            
            
            
            
            
            110,621
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Loss before undernoted
            
            
            
            
            (52,043
            )
            
            
            
            
            (51,041
            )
          
            Investment and other income (loss) (note 14)
            
            
            
            
            5,995
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (2,871
            )
          
            Gain (loss) on disposal and
      write-down of long-lived assets
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
                 (note
      8)
            
            
            
            
            122
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (2,812
            )
          
            Gain on sale of assets (notes 3 & 8)
            
            
            
            
            34,297
            
            
            
            
            
            
            96,845
            
            
          
            Equity gain (loss) in associated
      companies (note 11)
            
            
            
            
            8,364
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (8,649
            )
          
            Income (loss) before income taxes
            
            
            
            
            (3,265
            )
            
            
            
            
            31,472
            
            
          
            Income taxes (recovery) (note
      16)
            
            
            
            
            (7
            )
            
            
            
            
            16
            
            
          
            Net income (loss) and comprehensive
      income (loss)
            
            
             
            (3,258
            )
            
            
            
            
            31,456
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Basic earnings (loss) per
      share
             
            $
            (0.04
            )
            
            
            $
            0.37
            
            
          
            Diluted earnings (loss) per
      share
            
            
            $
            (0.04
            )
            
            
            $
            0.37
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Weighted average number of
      common
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                 
      shares outstanding
      - basic
            
            
            
            
            83,637,315
            
            
            
            
            
            
            84,922,364
            
            
          
            Impact of dilutive
      options
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
             
            840,843
            
            
          
            Weighted average number of
      common
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                 
      shares outstanding
      – diluted
            
            
            
            
            83,637,315
            
            
            
            
            
            
            85,763,207
            
            
          
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements.
     
    6
     
    
    
    
    BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS INC.Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ EquityDecember 31,(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars
except per share amounts and number of shares)
     
    
      

              
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Accumulated
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            other
            
            
            Total
          
            
            
            
            
            Number of
            
            
            Share
            
            
            Contributed
            
            
            Accumulated
            
            
            comprehensive
            
            
            shareholders’
          
            
            
                 
            shares
                 
            capital
                 
            surplus
                 
            deficit
                 
            loss
                 
            equity
          
            Balance, December 31,
    2007,
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                   as reported
            
            
            115,099,142
            
            
            
            
            $     
            1,174,821
            
            
            
            
            $     
            72,290
            
            
            
            
            $     
            (988,686
            )
            
            
            $     
                     (236
            )
            
            
            $     
            258,189
            
            
          
            Change in
      accounting policy (note 1 (c)(ii)):
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (224
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (224
            )
          
            Balance, December 31, 2007, as
      revised
            
            
            115,099,142
            
            
            
            
            $
            1,174,821
            
            
            
            
            $
            72,290
            
            
            
            
            $
            (988,910
            )
            
            
            $
            (236
            )
            
            
            $
            257,965
            
            
          
            Net income
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            31,456
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            31,456
            
            
          
            Non-dilutive financing (note
      2)
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            33,812
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            33,812
            
            
          
            Cancellation of common shares upon
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
                   disposition of assets held for
      sale
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                   (note 3)
            
            
            (34,261,300
            )
            
            
            
            
            (349,438
            )
            
            
            
            
            175,538
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (173,900
            )
          
            RSUs and DSUs redeemed
            
            
            321,576
            
            
            
            
            
            
            2,557
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (2,557
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Share
      distribution plan
            
            
            962,717
            
            
            
            
            
            
            4,771
            
            
            
            
            
            
            4,383
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            9,154
            
            
          
            Balance, December 31,
2008
            
            
            82,122,135
            
            
            
            
            
            
            832,711
            
            
            
            
            
            
            283,466
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (957,454
            )
            
            
            
            
            (236
            )
            
            
            
            
            158,487
            
            
          
            Net loss
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (3,258
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (3,258
            )
          
            Non-dilutive financing (note
      2)
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (719
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (719
            )
          
            Purchase of treasury
      shares
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
                   (note 13)
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (207
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (207
            )
          
            RSUs and DSUs
    redeemed
            
            
            219,232
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,126
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (1,283
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (157
            )
          
            Options exercised
            
            
            5,000
            
            
            
            
            
            
            7
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            7
            
            
          
            Share distribution
      plan
            
            
            1,627,621
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,721
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,046
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            4,767
            
            
          
            Balance, December 31,
      2009
            
            
            83,973,988
            
            
            
            
            $
            835,358
            
            
            
            
            $
            284,510
            
            
            
            
            $
            (960,712
            )
            
            
            $
            (236
            )
            
            
            $
            158,920
            
            
          
    
    See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements. 
     
    7
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
  INC.
          
            Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
          
            Years ended December 31,
          
            (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)
          
              
          
    
    
      

            
            
            2009
            
            
                  
            2008
            
            
          
            
            
             
             
            (revised
      – note 1(c)(ii))
            
            
          
            Cash provided by (used
      for):
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            Operating
    activities:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Net income (loss) for the
      year
            $
            (3,258
            )
            
            
            $
            31,456
            
            
          
            Items not affecting cash:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                
      Compensatory shares
            
            
            3,033
            
            
            
            
            
            
            7,267
            
            
          
                 Employee future benefits
            
            
            (1,524
            )
            
            
            
            
            2,642
            
            
          
                
      Depreciation and amortization
            
            
            9,504
            
            
            
            
            
            
            8,021
            
            
          
                 Unrealized loss (gain) on forward
      contracts
            
            
            (408
            )
            
            
            
            
            408
            
            
          
                 Loss
      (gain) on disposal and write-down of long-lived assets
            
            
            (142
            )
            
            
            
            
            2,812
             
          
                 Gain on sale of assets (notes 3 &
      8)
            
            
            (34,297
            )
            
            
            
            
                 (96,845
            )
          
                 Equity
      loss (gain) in associated companies
            
            
            (8,364
            )
            
            
             
            8,649
            
            
          
                 Other
             
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            490
            
            
          
             
            
            
                 (35,456
            )
            
            
            
            
            (35,100
            )
          
            Changes in non-cash working
      capital:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Accounts receivable
            
            
            6,084
            
            
            
            
            
            
            107
            
            
          
            Inventories
            
            
            1,356
            
            
            
            
            
            
            4,457
            
            
          
            Prepaid expenses and other current
      assets
            
            
            (884
            )
            
            
            
            
            510
            
            
          
            Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
            
            
            1,623
            
            
            
            
            
            
            5
            
            
          
            Deferred revenue
            
            
            (3,656
            )
            
            
            
            
            778
            
            
          
            Accrued warranty liabilities
            
            
            3,971
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,089
            
            
          
            Net current assets and liabilities
      held for sale (note 3)
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (36
            )
          
             
            
            
            8,494
            
            
            
            
            
            
            8,910
            
            
          
            Cash used by operations
            
            
            (26,962
            )
            
            
            
            
            (26,190
            )
          
            Investing
    activities:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Net decrease (increase) in
      short-term investments
            
            
            (7,619
            )
            
            
            
            
            64,921
            
            
          
            Additions to property, plant and equipment
            
            
            (6,778
            )
            
            
            
            
            (3,560
            )
          
            Proceeds on sale of property, plant
      and equipment and other
            
            
            2,182
            
            
            
            
            
            
            475
            
            
          
            Proceeds on monetization of other long-term assets (note
    8)
            
            
            37,000
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Disposition of assets held for sale
      (note 3)
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (61,285
            )
          
            Investments (notes 8 & 11)
            
            
            (5,135
            )
            
            
            
            
            (6,212
            )
          
            Long-term liabilities
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (323
            )
          
             
            
            
            19,650
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (5,984
            )
          
            Financing
    activities:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Non-dilutive financing (note 2)
            
            
            (3,243
            )
            
            
            
            
            36,920
            
            
          
            Purchase of treasury shares (note
      13)
            
            
            (207
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Repayment of capital lease obligation (note 10)
            
            
            (30
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Net proceeds on issuance of share
      capital
            
            
            5
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
             
            
            
            (3,475
            )
            
            
            
            
            36,920
            
            
          
              
            
            
              
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            Increase (decrease) in cash and
      cash equivalents
            
            
            (10,787
            )
            
            
            
            
            4,746
            
            
          
            Cash and cash equivalents,
      beginning of year
            
            
            54,086
            
            
            
            
            
            
            49,340
            
            
          
            Cash and cash equivalents, end of
      year
            $
            43,299
            
            
            
            
            $
            54,086
            
            
          
    
    Supplemental
disclosure of cash flow information (note 18)See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements. 
     
    8
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies: 
     
    (a) Nature of business:
     
    The principal business of Ballard Power
Systems Inc. (the “Corporation”) is the design, development, manufacture, sale
and service of fuel cell products for a variety of applications, focusing on
motive power (material handling and buses) and stationary power (back-up power,
supplemental power, and distributed generation). A fuel cell is an
environmentally clean electrochemical device that combines hydrogen fuel with
oxygen (from the air) to produce electricity. Our technology is based on proton
exchange membrane (“PEM”) fuel cells.
     
    (b) Basis of presentation, critical
accounting estimates and judgment applied: 
     
    The consolidated financial statements of
the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with Canadian GAAP. All amounts
are in United States dollars, unless otherwise noted. Material measurement
differences to United States GAAP are disclosed in note 22.
     
    The preparation of the Corporation’s
consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) requires management to apply judgment when making
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses of the reporting period, as well as disclosures made in
the accompanying notes to the financial statements. The estimates and associated
assumptions are based on past experience and other factors that are considered
relevant. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
     
    The Corporation’s critical accounting
estimates include, among others, estimates related to revenue recognition on
long-term contracts, the assessment of the net realizable value of goodwill and
intangible assets, inventory and investments, the adequacy of warranty
provisions on sales, and the recoverability of future tax assets.
     
    (c) Changes in
accounting policy and future changes to accounting standards:
     
    (i) Business combinations, consolidated financial statements, and
non-controlling interest:
     
    Effective December 31, 2009, the Corporation early adopted the
recommendations of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants (“CICA”) for
Business Combinations
(CICA Handbook Section 1582), Consolidations (CICA Handbook
Section 1601), and Non-Controlling Interests
(CICA Handbook Section 1602). Section 1582, which replaces the former Section
1581, requires all business combinations to be accounted for by applying the
acquisition method, whereby assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured
at their fair value at the date of acquisition.
     
    9 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
              
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d): 
     
    (c) Changes in
accounting policy and future changes to accounting standards
(cont’d):
     
    (i) Business combinations, consolidated
financial statements, and non-controlling interest (cont’d):
     
    Acquisition costs associated with a
business combination are expensed in the period incurred. Section 1601 carries
forward the standards for the preparation of consolidated financial statements
of former Section 1600. Section 1602 requires non-controlling interests to be
reported as a separate component of equity, with net income calculated without
deduction for non-controlling interests; instead consolidated net income is
allocated between controlling and non-controlling interests. There was no impact
of adopting these standards on the Corporation’s 2009 consolidated financial
statements other than the expensing of acquisition costs incurred of $529,000
related to the subsequent acquisition of Dantherm Power (note 23).
     
    (ii) Employee future benefit
plans:
     
    CICA Handbook Section 3461 Employee Future
Benefits allows the
selection of either the immediate recognition approach, or the defer and
amortization approach, for accounting for employee future benefits. In 2009, the
Corporation changed its accounting policy from the defer and amortization
approach to the immediate recognition approach. The Corporation believes the
change in accounting policy more appropriately reflects the costs and liability
of the employee future benefits as it better reflects the current estimated cost
to terminate these plans.
     
    The change in accounting policy was
applied retroactively and prior period financial statements have been restated,
as follows:
    
      Accumulated deficit at
  December 31, 2007 was increased by $224,000, with a corresponding increase in
  long-term liabilities. 
        
      Net income for the year ended
  December 31, 2008 declined by $2,623,000 (representing a $0.03 decline in
  earnings and diluted earnings per share), with a corresponding increase in
  long-term liabilities. 
        
      Net income for the year ended
  December 31, 2009 increased by $2,215,000 (representing a $0.03 increase in
  earnings and diluted earnings per share), with a corresponding decrease in
  long-term liabilities. 
    
    10 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
  INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
              
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d):
     
    (c) Changes in
accounting policy and future changes to accounting standards
(cont’d):
     
    (iii) Financial instruments – presentation and disclosures:
     
    In 2009, the Corporation adopted the amendments to CICA Section 3862
Financial Instruments –
Disclosures. The amendments
resulted in enhanced disclosures regarding the fair value measurement of
financial instruments and are included in note 20. The adoption of these
amendments had no impact on the Corporation’s results, financial position or
cash flows.
     
    (iv) Convergence with International
Financial Reporting Standards:
     
    In February 2008, Canada’s Accounting
Standards Board (“AcSB”) confirmed that Canadian GAAP, as used by publicly
accountable enterprises, will be fully converged to International Financial
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (“IASB”).
     
    Canadian publicly accountable enterprises
must adopt IFRS for their interim and annual financial statements relating to
fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2011 and must be accompanied by
IFRS comparative information for the 2010 financial year.
     
    IFRS uses a conceptual framework similar
to Canadian GAAP, but there are significant differences on recognition,
measurement and disclosures. At this time, the comprehensive impact of the
changeover from Canadian GAAP to IFRS on the Corporation’s future financial
position and results of operations is not yet determinable.
     
    (d) Principles
of consolidation:
     
    The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Corporation and its principal subsidiaries as
follows: 
     
    
      

            
            
            Percentage
      ownership
            
            
          
            
            
            2009
                  
            2008
          
            7076932 Canada Inc.
                
      100.0
            %
            
            
                
      100.0
            %
          
            Ballard Advanced Materials Corporation
            77.5
            %
             
            77.5
            %
          
            Ballard GmbH
            100.0
            %
            
            
            100.0
            %
          
            Ballard Material Products Inc.
            100.0
            %
            
            
            100.0
            %
          
            Ballard Power
      Corporation
            100.0
            %
            
            
            100.0
            %
          
    
    All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated on consolidation. 
     
    11
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
  INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
              
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d): 
     
    (e) Translation
of foreign currencies: 
     
    The measurement currency of the
Corporation is the U.S. dollar. Transactions in foreign currencies are
translated at the exchange rate in effect at the transaction date. Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in other than the measurement currency are
translated at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. The
resulting exchange gains and losses are recognized in earnings.
     
    (f) Revenue
recognition: 
     
    The Corporation generates revenues
primarily from product sales and services. Revenues are also earned by providing
engineering development services. Product revenues are derived primarily from
standard equipment and material sales contracts and from long-term fixed price
contracts. Service revenues are derived primarily from cost-plus reimbursable
contracts. Engineering development revenues are derived primarily from long-term
fixed price contracts.
     
    On standard equipment and material sales
contracts, revenues are recorded when the product is shipped to the customer and
the risks of ownership are transferred to the customer, when the price is fixed
and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. Provisions are made at
the time of sale for warranties.
     
    On cost-plus reimbursable contracts,
revenues are recognized as costs are incurred, and include applicable fees
earned as services are provided.
     
    On long-term fixed price contracts,
revenues are recognized on the percentage-of-completion basis over the duration
of the contract, which consists of recognizing revenue on a given contract
proportionately with its percentage of completion at any given time. The
percentage of completion is determined by dividing the cumulative costs incurred
as at the balance sheet date by the sum of incurred and anticipated costs for
completing a contract.
     
    The cumulative effect of changes to
anticipated revenues and anticipated costs for completing a contract are
recognized in the period in which the revisions are identified. In the event
that the anticipated costs exceed the anticipated revenues on a contract, such
loss is recognized in its entirety in the period it becomes known.
     
    Deferred revenue represents cash received
from customers in excess of revenue recognized on uncompleted
contracts.
     
    (g) Cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments: 
     
    Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
on deposit and highly liquid short-term interest-bearing securities with
maturities at the date of purchase of three months or less.
     
    Short-term investments consist of highly
liquid interest bearing securities with maturities at the date of purchase
between three months and three years.
     
    12
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
  INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
              
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d): 
     
    (h) Financial
instruments:
     
    The Corporation measures its financial
assets in the balance sheet at fair value, except for loans and receivables,
which are measured at amortized cost. Financial liabilities classified as held
for trading, including derivatives, are measured in the balance sheet at fair
value; all other financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost. Long-term
investments are measured at cost as they are privately held
entities.
     
    Measurement in subsequent periods depends
on whether the financial instrument has been classified as held for trading,
available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, loans and receivables, or other
liabilities. The Corporation classifies its accounts receivables as loans and
receivables and its accounts payable and warranty liabilities as other financial
liabilities.
     
    Periodically, the Corporation enters into
forward exchange contracts to limit its exposure to foreign currency rate
fluctuations and to platinum price fluctuations. These derivative contracts are recorded
as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value.
Any changes in fair value are recognized in net income. The Corporation does not
designate its financial instruments as hedges. 
     
    (i) Inventories:

     
    Inventories are recorded at the lower of
cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-in
first-out principle, and includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the
inventories, production or conversion costs, and other costs incurred in
bringing them to their existing location and condition. In the case of
manufactured inventories and work in progress, cost includes materials, labor
and the appropriate share of production overhead based on normal operating
capacity. Costs of materials are determined on an average per unit basis. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
business, less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses. In
establishing the appropriate inventory obsolescence provision, management
estimates the likelihood that inventory carrying values will be affected by
changes in market demand, technology and design, which could make inventory on
hand recoverable at less than its cost or even obsolete.
     
    13
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
  INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
              
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d): 
     
    (j) Property,
plant and equipment: 
     
    Property, plant and equipment are
initially recorded at cost and are amortized from the date of acquisition or, in
respect of internally constructed assets, from the time an asset is completed
and ready for use, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets as follows: 
     
    
      

            Buildings
            30 to 39
      years
          
            Computer equipment
            3 to 7 years
          
            Furniture and fixtures
            5 to 14 years
          
            Leasehold improvements
            The shorter of initial term of the respective
          
             
            lease and estimated useful life
          
            Production and test
    equipment
            4 to 15 years
          
            Production and test equipment under
             
          
            capital
      lease
            5
  years
          
    
    (k) Intangible
assets: 
     
    Intangible assets consist of fuel cell
technology acquired from third parties and are recorded at cost. Intangible
assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 5 to 15 years using
the straight-line method.
     
    Costs incurred in establishing and
maintaining patents and license agreements are expensed in the period incurred.

     
    (l) Impairment
of long-lived assets:
     
    Long-lived assets, including property,
plant and equipment, investments, and intangible assets, are reviewed for
impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss, if any, is
recognized when the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value
based on its estimated undiscounted future cash flows.
     
    (m)
Goodwill:
     
    Goodwill represents the excess of the
purchase price of an acquired enterprise over the fair value assigned to assets
acquired and liabilities assumed.
     
    14
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
  INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
              
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d): 
     
    (m) Goodwill
(cont’d): 
     
    Goodwill is assessed for impairment at
least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the goodwill might be impaired. The assessment of impairment is
based on estimated fair market values derived from certain valuation models,
which may consider various factors such as normalized and estimated future
earnings, price earnings multiples, terminal values and discount rates. An
impairment loss, if any, is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of
goodwill exceeds its estimated fair market value.
     
    The Corporation has designated December
31 as the date for the annual impairment test. As at December 31, 2009, date of
the last impairment test, goodwill was not considered to be
impaired.
     
    (n) Investments:

     
    Investments in shares of companies over
which the Corporation has the ability to exercise significant influence are
accounted for by the equity method. Investments in companies where significant
influence does not exist are carried at cost. 
     
    (o) Accrued
warranty liabilities: 
     
    A provision for warranty costs is
recorded on product sales at the time of shipment. In establishing the accrued
warranty liability, management estimates the likelihood that products sold will
experience warranty claims and the estimated cost to resolve claims received,
taking into account the nature of the contract and past and projected experience
with the products. 
     
    (p)
Leases:
     
    Leases are classified as capital or
operating depending upon the terms and conditions of the contracts. Leases,
which transfer substantially all the benefits and risks incident to ownership of
the leased property to the Corporation, are accounted for as capital leases. The
cost of assets under capital leases represent the present value of minimum lease
payments and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Assets
under capital leases are presented in property, plant and equipment in the
consolidated balance sheet.
     
    Leases that do not transfer substantially
all of the benefits and risks incident to ownership of the property are
accounted for as operating leases.
     
    15
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
  INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
              
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d): 
     
    (q) Asset
retirement obligations:
     
    Legal obligations to retire tangible
long-lived assets are recorded at fair value at acquisition with a corresponding
increase in asset value. These include assets leased under operating leases. The
liability is accreted over the life of the asset to fair value and the increase
in asset value is depreciated over the remaining useful life of the asset.

     
    (r) Research and
product development costs:
     
    Research costs are expensed as they are
incurred. Product development costs are expensed as incurred except if the costs
are related to the development and setup of new products, processes and systems
and satisfy certain conditions for capitalization, including reasonable
assurance that they will be recovered. All capitalized development costs, if
any, are amortized when commercial production begins, using the straight-line
method over a period of five years. An impairment loss, if any, is recognized in
the period it occurs.
     
    As at December 31, 2009, the Corporation
has not capitalized any development costs.
     
    (s) Income
taxes: 
     
    The Corporation follows the asset and
liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, future
income taxes are recognized for the future income tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying values of assets and
liabilities and their respective income tax bases (temporary differences) and
for loss carry-forwards. The resulting changes in the net future tax asset or
liability are included in income. Future tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted, or substantively enacted, tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled.
     
    The effect on future income tax assets
and liabilities, of a change in tax rates, is included in income in the period
that includes the substantive enactment date. Future income tax assets are
evaluated, and if realization is not considered to be “more likely than not,” a
valuation allowance is provided.
     
    16
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d): 
     
    (t) Employee future
benefits: 
     
    
      The Corporation
accounts for employee future benefit plan assets and obligations and related
costs of defined benefit pension plans, and other post-retirement benefits,
under the following accounting policies:
      
        Accrued benefit obligations
  and the cost of pension and other post-retirement benefits earned by
  participants are determined from actuarial calculations according to the
  projected benefit method prorated on services. The accrued benefit obligations
  under the post-employment benefit plans are determined from actuarial
  calculations according to the accumulated benefit method. The calculations are
  based on management’s best estimate assumptions relating to salary
  escalations, retirement age of participants and estimated health-care costs.
  Pension obligations are discounted using current market interest rates.
  Changes in accrued benefit
  obligations are recognized immediately. 
          
        Plan assets are measured at
  fair value, determined directly by reference to quoted market prices. Changes
  in fair value on plan assets are recognized immediately. 
          
        Actuarial gains or losses
  arise from changes in actuarial assumptions used to determine accrued benefit
  obligations and from emerging experience different from the selected
  assumptions. Actuarial gains or losses are recognized
  immediately. 
          
        Current service costs are
  recognized immediately. 
          
        Curtailment gains and losses
  arising from plan amendments are recognized immediately. 
      
      The cost of defined contribution pension plans, which cover our employees
in Canada and the United States, are expensed, as contributions are
due.
    
     
    (u) Share-based
compensation:
     
    
      The Corporation
used the fair-value based method of accounting for share-based compensation for
all awards of shares and share options granted. The fair value at the grant date
of share options (“options”) is calculated using the Black-Scholes valuation
method. The fair value of restricted share units (“RSUs”) and deferred share
units (“DSUs”) are measured based on the fair value of the underlying shares on
the grant date. Compensation expense is charged to net income over the vesting
period and is recognized when services are received with a corresponding
increase to contributed surplus. The Corporation estimates forfeitures at the
grant date and revises the estimate as necessary if subsequent information
indicates that actual forfeitures differ significantly from the original
estimate.
    
     
    17
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    1. Nature of business and summary of
significant accounting policies (cont’d): 
     
    (u) Share-based
compensation (cont’d):
     
    The Corporation issues shares and share
options under its share-based compensation plans as described in note 13. Any
consideration paid by employees on exercise of share options or purchase of
shares, together with the amount initially recorded in contributed surplus, is
credited to share capital. 
     
    (v) Earnings (loss)
per share: 
     
    Basic earnings (loss) per share is
computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the year. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the treasury stock
method. Under the treasury stock method, the dilution is calculated based upon
the number of common shares issued should deferred share units (“DSUs”),
restricted share units (“RSUs”), and “in the money” options, if any, be
exercised. For the year ended December 31, 2009, diluted loss per share has not
been calculated, as the effects of outstanding stock-based compensation
arrangements would be anti-dilutive.
     
    (w) Comprehensive
income (loss):
     
    Other comprehensive income (loss)
represents changes in shareholders’ equity and includes items such as unrealized
gains and losses on financial assets classified as available-for-sale, and
cumulative translation adjustments. The Corporation has included a
reconciliation of comprehensive income and accumulated other comprehensive
income, which is presented as a separate category of shareholders’ equity, on
the consolidated balance sheet and the consolidated statement of shareholders’
equity.
     
    (x) Government
assistance and investment tax credits: 
     
    Government assistance and investment tax
credits are recorded as either a reduction of the cost of the applicable assets,
or credited against the related expense incurred in the statement of operations,
as determined by the terms and conditions of the agreements under which the
assistance is provided to the Corporation or the nature of the expenditures
which gave rise to the credits. Government assistance and investment tax credit
receivables are recorded when their receipt is reasonably assured. 
     
    (y) Comparative
figures: 
     
    Certain comparative figures have been
reclassified to conform with the presentation adopted for the current
year.
     
    18
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    2. Non-dilutive financing:

     
    
      On December 31,
2008, the Corporation completed a restructuring transaction with Superior Plus
Income Fund (“Superior Plus”) to reorganize the Corporation’s business under a
Plan of Arrangement (the “Arrangement”). Pursuant to the Arrangement, Superior
Plus transferred $38,029,000 (CDN $46,319,000) to the Corporation’s parent
company (“Old Ballard”). Old Ballard subsequently transferred all of its assets
and liabilities (including the net cash proceeds, but excluding Old Ballard’s
historic Canadian income tax carry forward attributes), to a new wholly owned
company, (“the Corporation”). Old Ballard’s shareholders exchanged their shares,
on a one-for-one basis, for shares of the Corporation. The Corporation is
carrying on the full scope of Old Ballard’s business operations, and holds all
rights to intellectual property, as held by Old Ballard before the completion of
the Arrangement.
       
      As such, all
references to the Corporation in these Consolidated Financial Statements include
Old Ballard for matters occurring before the Arrangement.
       
      As the transfer
of the business assets, liabilities and operations from Old Ballard to the
Corporation represented a transaction with no change in shareholder ownership,
the transaction was accounted for using continuity of interest
accounting.
       
      Pursuant to
continuity of interest accounting, the assets transferred and liabilities
assumed were recorded at their carrying values as reported by Old Ballard
immediately prior to the completion of the Arrangement. As a result, the net
cash proceeds were recorded as a credit to shareholders’ equity.
       
      In addition, as
the future income tax benefits of Old Ballard’s Canadian non-capital losses,
capital losses, scientific research and development expenditures and investment
tax credits generated through to the date of the completion of the Arrangement
are not available to the Corporation after the completion of the Arrangement on
December 31, 2008. The gross future income tax assets related to these Canadian
tax pools as of December 31, 2008 was reduced to nil, with a corresponding
reduction of the related valuation allowance (note 16).
       
      

            Proceeds of
      Arrangement on December 31, 2008
            $     
            38,029
            
            
          
            Disposal costs
      paid to December 31, 2008
            
            
            (1,109
            )
          
            Net cash proceeds at December 31,
      2008
            
            
            36,920
            
            
          
            Disposal costs paid in 2009
            
            
            (3,243
            )
          
            Disposal
      costs accrued at December 31, 2009
            
            
            (584
            )
          
            Net proceeds of
      Arrangement
            $
            33,093
            
            
          
    
    19
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    3. Disposition of certain automotive fuel
cell assets:
     
    
      On January 31,
2008, the Corporation completed the sale of its automotive fuel cell research
and development assets (the “AFCC Transaction”) to Daimler AG (“Daimler”), Ford
Motor Company (“Ford”) and a newly created private corporation, AFCC Automotive
Fuel Cell Cooperation Corp. (“AFCC”). AFCC was created to carry on the
development of automotive fuel cells for Daimler and Ford. Under the terms of
the AFCC Transaction, the Corporation transferred to Daimler, Ford and AFCC its
automotive patents, automotive fuel cell test equipment, automotive fuel cell
inventory, $60,000,000 in cash, the automotive fuel cell warranty liabilities,
all automotive fuel cell development contracts between Ballard, Daimler and
Ford, 80.1% of the outstanding shares of AFCC (note 8), 112 personnel and
related office equipment and a royalty free, sub-licensable license to the
remaining Ballard intellectual property for use in automotive applications. In
exchange, Daimler and Ford returned to the Corporation an aggregate of
34,261,298 of its common shares valued at $173,900,000, one Class A share and
one Class B share, collectively representing Daimler and Ford’s entire direct
and indirect equity interest in the Corporation. These shares were then
cancelled. 
       
      The Corporation
recorded a gain of $96,845,000 on the closing of the AFCC transaction on January
31, 2008.
       
      

            Proceeds on
      disposal on January 31, 2008
                  
            $     
            173,900
            
            
          
            Cash transferred to Daimler and Ford
            
            
            
            
            (58,000
            )
          
            Disposal
      costs
            
            
            
            
            (3,823
            )
          
            Net proceeds on disposal
            
            
            
            
            112,077
            
            
          
            Cash transferred to AFCC
            
            
            
            
            (2,000
            )
          
            Net investment in
      remaining automotive assets as of January 31, 2008
            
            
            
            
            (13,232
            )
          
            Net gain on
      disposal
            
            
            $
            96,845
            
            
          
      As
the Corporation has significant continuing involvement with AFCC, the historic
results of the operations transferred are reported in results from continuing
operations.
    
     
    4. Accounts receivable:

     
    
      

            
            
                   
            
            
            2009
                   
            
            
            2008
          
            Trade receivables
            
            
            $     
            12,847
            
            
            $     
            18,601
          
            Other
            
            
            
            
            56
            
            
            
            
            255
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            12,903
            
            
            $
            18,856
          
    
    20
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    5. Inventories: 
     
    
      

            
            
                   
            
            
            2009
                   
            
            
            2008
          
            Raw materials and
    consumables
            
            
            $     
            5,928
            
            
            $     
            6,632
          
            Work-in-progress
            
            
            
            
            2,018
            
            
            
            
            1,891
          
            Finished
      goods
            
            
            
            
            1,222
            
            
            
            
            1,879
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            9,168
            
            
            $
            10,402
  
          
      In 2009, changes
in raw materials and consumables, finished goods and work-in-progress recognized
as cost of product and service revenues amounted to $20,677,000 (2008 -
$25,948,000). In 2009, the write-down of inventories to net realizable value
amounted to $874,000 (2008 - $745,000). There were no reversals of write-downs
in 2009 or 2008. Write-downs and reversals are included in either cost of
product and service revenues, or research and product development expense,
depending on the nature of inventory.
    
     
    6. Property, plant and equipment:

     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Accumulated
            
            
            Net
  book
          
            2009
                   
            
            
            Cost
                   
            depreciation
                   
            value
          
            Land
            
            
            $     
            4,803
            
            
            $     
            -
            
            
            $     
            4,803
          
            Building
            
            
            
            
            13,596
            
            
            
            
            5,661
            
            
            
            
            7,935
          
            Computer equipment
            
            
            
            
            11,421
            
            
            
            
            10,319
            
            
            
            
            1,102
          
            Furniture and fixtures
            
            
            
            
            4,692
            
            
            
            
            4,629
            
            
            
            
            63
          
            Leasehold improvements
            
            
            
            
            8,669
            
            
            
            
            5,489
            
            
            
            
            3,180
          
            Production and test equipment
            
            
            
            
            67,651
            
            
            
            
            47,492
            
            
            
            
            20,159
          
            Production and test equipment
      under
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
             
          
                 capital lease (note 10)
            
            
            
            
            2,078
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            2,078
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            112,910
            
            
            $
            73,590
            
            
            $
            39,320
          
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Accumulated
            
            
            Net
  book
          
            2008
                   
            
            
            Cost
                   
            depreciation
                   
            value
          
            Land
            
            
            $     
            4,803
            
            
            $     
            -
            
            
            $     
            4,803
          
            Building
            
            
            
            
            13,574
            
            
            
            
            5,140
            
            
            
            
            8,434
          
            Computer equipment
            
            
            
            
            17,874
            
            
            
            
            14,905
            
            
            
            
            2,969
          
            Furniture and fixtures
            
            
            
            
            5,342
            
            
            
            
            4,830
            
            
            
            
            512
          
            Leasehold improvements
            
            
            
            
            10,659
            
            
            
            
            6,108
            
            
            
            
            4,551
          
            Production and
      test equipment
            
            
            
            
            65,877
            
            
            
            
            48,391
            
            
            
            
            17,486
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            118,129
            
            
            $
            79,374
            
            
            $
            38,755
    
          
    
    21
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    7. Intangible assets:

     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Accumulated
            
            
            Net
  book
          
            2009
                   
            
            
            Cost
                   
            amortization
                   
            value
          
            Fuel cell
      technology
            
            
            $     
            40,567
            
            
            $     
            39,743
            
            
            $     
            824
          
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Accumulated
            
            
            Net
  book
          
            2008
                   
            
            
            Cost
                   
            amortization
                   
            value
          
            Fuel cell
      technology
            
            
            $     
            49,801
            
            
            $     
            46,075
            
            
            $     
            3,726
    
          
      During 2009, the
Corporation recorded a $2,520,000 charge to depreciation and amortization
expense for patents that were no longer in use.
       
    
    8. Investments: 
     
    
      Investments are
comprised of the following: 
       
      

            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            Percentage
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            Percentage
          
            
            
                   
            Amount
                   
            ownership

                   
            Amount
                   
            ownership
  
          
            Chrysalix Energy Limited
      Partnership
            
            
            $     
            632
            
            
            15.0
            %
            
            
            $     
            500
            
            
            15.0
            %
          
            AFCC and Share Purchase Agreement
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            19.9
            %
            
            
            
            
            1,262
            
            
            19.9
            %
          
            Other
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            632
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            $
            1,765
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
      Chrysalix Energy
Limited Partnership (“Chrysalix”) is recorded at the lower of cost and estimated
net realizable value. During 2009, the Corporation made additional investments
of $200,000 (2008 - $273,000) in Chrysalix, which was offset by a cash
distribution received from Chrysalix of $68,000 (2008 - $nil). In 2008, an
impairment charge of $3,020,000 was recorded to adjust the carrying value of
Chrysalix to its estimated net realizable value.
       
      The Corporation
maintains a 19.9% interest in AFCC, which is accounted for using the cost method
and is subject to a Share Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) under which Ford, either at
the option of the Corporation or Ford’s election, may purchase the Corporation’s
interest in AFCC at any time after January 31, 2013 for $65,000,000 plus
interest accruing at LIBOR form January 31, 2008. The Corporation has no
obligation to fund any of AFCC’s operating expenses. On the disposition of
automotive fuel cell assets on the closing of the AFCC Transaction (note 3), the
SPA was considered to be a derivative instrument and was recorded at its fair
value of $1.
    
     
    22
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    8. Investments (cont’d):

     
    
      In December
2009, the Corporation completed an agreement to monetize its rights under the
SPA. On the monetization of the SPA, the Corporation effectively sold its rights
and obligations under the SPA to a third party for initial fixed proceeds of
$37,000,000 and a contingent payment of $7,500,000, due in January 2013. The
contingent payment is subject to the third party’s rights in the transaction
remaining unsubordinated.
       
      The Corporation
recorded a gain of $34,297,000 on the closing of the SPA monetization in 2009
reflecting the initial proceeds received net of disposal costs and a write-down
of its investment in AFCC to a nominal value.
       
      

            Initial
      proceeds on disposal in 2009
                   
            $     
            37,000
            
            
          
            Net book value of AFCC and Share Purchase Agreement
            
            
            
            
            (1,262
            )
          
            Disposal
      costs accrued at December 31, 2009
            
            
            
            
            (1,441
            )
          
            Gain on sale of
      assets
            
            
            $
            34,297
            
            
          
      The calculation
of the 2009 gain does not include the contingent payment of $7,500,000 as it is
considered to be a contingent gain and will not be recognized until the
contingency is resolved in January 2013 on the ultimate exercise of the
SPA.
    
     
    9. Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities: 
     
    
      

            
            
                   
            
            
            2009
                   
            
            
            2008
          
            Trade accounts payable
            
            
            $     
            6,670
            
            
            $     
            6,274
          
            Other liabilities
            
            
            
            
            3,952
            
            
            
            
            3,663
          
            Accrued non-dilutive financing
      costs (note 2)
            
            
            
            
            584
            
            
            
            
            3,108
          
            Compensation payable
            
            
            
            
            5,235
            
            
            
            
            8,657
          
            Taxes payable
            
            
            
            
            302
            
            
            
            
            117
          
            Accrued restructuring and related costs
            
            
            
            
            2,137
            
            
            
            
            -
          
            Accrued SPA
      disposal costs (note 8)
            
            
            
            
            1,441
            
            
            
            
            -
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            20,321
            
            
            $
            21,819
  
          
      In August 2009,
the Corporation completed an organizational restructuring resulting in
restructuring and related charges of $4,866,000 primarily for severance expense
on the elimination of 85 positions. This action was in addition to an
organizational restructuring completed in March 2009 that resulted in
restructuring and related charges of $1,363,000 primarily for severance expense
on the elimination of 32 positions. As at December 31, 2009, $2,137,000 of
restructuring and related costs were payable.
    
     
    23
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    10. Obligations under capital
lease:
     
    
      The Corporation
leases certain production and test equipment under a capital lease expiring in
December 2014. Under the terms of the lease, the Corporation must either (i)
purchase the equipment in December 2014 for its residual value equal to 20% of
the initial cost, or (ii) enter into a new lease agreement for the residual
value. Minimum future lease payments are as follows: 
       
      

            Year ending December 31
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            2010
                   
            $     
            359
            
            
          
            2011
            
            
            
            
            359
            
            
          
            2012
            
            
            
            
            359
            
            
          
            2013
            
            
            
            
            359
            
            
          
            2014
            
            
            
            
            759
            
            
          
            Total minimum lease payments
            
            
            
            
            2,195
            
            
          
            Less imputed
      interest at 2.25%
            
            
            
            
            (140
            )
          
            Total obligation under capital lease
            
            
            
            
            2,055
            
            
          
            Current
      portion of obligation under capital lease
            
            
            
            
            316
            
            
          
            Long-term portion
      of obligation under capital lease
            
            
            $
            1,739
            
            
          
      The obligation
under capital lease is secured by a hypothecation of the Corporation’s cash,
cash equivalents, and short-term investments.
       
      For the year
ended December 31, 2009, no interest was paid on capital lease
obligations.
    
     
    11. Long-term liabilities:

     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
                   
            
            
            
            
                   
            (revised – note
      1(c)(ii))
          
                 Defined benefit pension
plan
            
            
            $     
            2,695
            
            
            $     
            4,220
          
                 Other benefit plan
            
            
            
            
            616
            
            
            
            
            616
          
            Employee future benefit plans (note
      12)
            
            
            
            
            3,311
            
            
            
            
            4,836
          
            Asset retirement obligation
            
            
            
            
            1,321
            
            
            
            
            1,018
          
            Deferred revenue
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            4,250
          
            EBARA BALLARD
      Corporation
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            13,245
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            4,632
            
            
            $
            23,349
  
          
      In determining
the fair value of the asset retirement obligations, the estimated future cash
flows have been discounted at 12% per annum. The total undiscounted amount of
the estimated cash flows required to settle this obligation is $3,988,000. The
obligation will be settled at the end of the term of the operating lease, which
extends to 2019.
    
     
    24
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    11. Long-term liabilities (cont’d):

     
    In March 2009, the Corporation made a net
investment of $5,000,000 (2008 - $5,939,000), in EBARA BALLARD Corporation
(“EBARA BALLARD”). In May 2009, the Corporation announced intentions to
discontinue operations in EBARA BALLARD, a joint venture with EBARA Corporation
(“Ebara”) that was focused on the development, manufacture, sale, and servicing
of stationary power systems for the residential cogeneration market in Japan.
EBARA BALLARD was accounted for using the equity method and was considered a
related party. On the announcement of the intention to discontinue operations,
the $10,838,000 of historic recorded equity losses in EBARA BALLARD in excess of
the net investment of EBARA BALLARD (including $2,474,000 of equity losses
recorded in 2009 prior to the wind-up), was reversed to net income as (i) Ebara
was solely responsible for the liquidation obligations of EBARA BALLARD; and
(ii) the Corporation was not committed to provide, nor did it intend to provide,
any further financial support to EBARA BALLARD. EBARA BALLARD was formally
dissolved in October 2009. As a result, the Corporation recorded equity income
of $8,364,000 in 2009 and an equity loss of $8,649,000 in 2008.
     
    12. Employee future benefit plans:

     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            
            
            2008
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            Pension
            
            
            
            
            Other benefit
            
            
            
            
            Pension
            
            
            
            
            Other benefit
            
            
          
            
            
                   
            plan
            
            
                   
            plan
            
            
                   
            plan
            
            
                   
            plan
            
            
          
            Fair value of plan assets
            
            
            $     
            7,105
            
            
            
            
            $     
            -
            
            
            
            
            $     
            5,761
            
            
            
            
            $     
            -
            
            
          
            Accrued benefit
      obligation
            
            
            
            
            (9,800
            )
            
            
            
            
            (616
            )
            
            
            
            
            (9,981
            )
            
            
            
            
            (616
            )
          
            Accrued
      benefit liability
            
            
            $
            (2,695
            )
            
            
            $
            (616
            )
            
            
            $
            (4,220
            )
            
            
            $
            (616
            )
          
      The Corporation
maintains a defined benefit pension plan covering employees in the United
States. The benefits under the pension plan are based on years of service and
salary levels accrued as of December 31, 2009. In 2009, amendments were made to
the defined benefit pension plan to freeze benefits accruing to employees at
their respective years of service and salary levels obtained as of December 31,
2009. This hard freeze of pension plan benefits resulted in the recognition of
curtailment gains of $1,055,000 in 2009. Certain employees in the United States
are also eligible for post-retirement healthcare, life insurance and other
benefits. The Corporation accrues its obligations under employee future benefit
plans and the related costs, net of the fair value of plan
assets.
    
     
    25
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    12. Employee future benefit plans
(cont’d): 
     
    
      The measurement
date used to determine pension and other post-retirement benefit measures is
December 31 of each year. The most recent actuarial valuation of the employee
future benefit plans for funding purposes was as of January 1, 2009. The next
actuarial valuation of the employee future benefit plans for funding purposes is
expected to be as of January 1, 2010.
       
      Information
about the Corporation’s employee future benefit plans, in aggregate, is as
follows: 
       
      Defined benefit
plan obligations: 
       
      

            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            
            
            2008
            
            
          
            
            
                   
            Pension
            
            
                   
            Other benefit
            
            
                   
            Pension
            
            
            
            
            Other benefit
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
                   
            plan
            
            
          
            Balance, beginning of
year
            
            
            $     
            9,981
            
            
            
            
            $     
            616
            
            
            
            
            $     
            9,430
            
            
            
            
            $     
            614
            
            
          
            Current service cost
            
            
            
            
            366
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3
            
            
            
            
            
            
            348
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3
            
            
          
            Interest cost
            
            
            
            
            594
            
            
            
            
            
            
            35
            
            
            
            
            
            
            562
            
            
            
            
            
            
            35
            
            
          
            Benefits paid
            
            
            
            
            (200
            )
            
            
            
            
            (31
            )
            
            
            
            
            (116
            )
            
            
            
            
            (31
            )
          
            Actuarial (gains) losses
            
            
            
            
            114
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (7
            )
            
            
            
            
            (243
            )
            
            
            
            
            (5
            )
          
            Curtailment
      gain
            
            
            
            
            (1,055
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Balance, end of
      year
            
            
            $
            9,800
            
            
            
            
            $
            616
            
            
            
            
            $
            9,981
            
            
            
            
            $
            616
            
            
          
      Defined benefit
plan assets: 
       
      

            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            
            
            2008
            
            
          
            
            
                   
            Pension
            
            
                   
            Other benefit
            
            
                   
            Pension
            
            
            
            
            Other benefit
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
                   
            plan
            
            
          
            Balance, beginning of
year
            
            
            $     
            5,761
            
            
            
            
            $     
            -
            
            
            
            
            $     
            7,849
            
            
            
            
            $     
            -
            
            
          
            Actual return (loss) on
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
             
            
            
            
            
             
            
            
          
                 plan assets
            
            
            
            
            1,477
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (2,337
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Employer’s contributions
            
            
            
            
            100
            
            
            
            
            
            
            31
            
            
            
            
            
            
            396
            
            
            
            
            
            
            31
            
            
          
            Plan expenses
            
            
            
            
            (33
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (32
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            Benefits
      paid
            
            
            
            
            (200
            )
            
            
            
            
            (31
            )
            
            
            
            
            (115
            )
            
            
            
            
            (31
            )
          
            Balance, end of
      year
            
            
            $
            7,105
            
            
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            
            
            $
            5,761
            
            
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
          
      The plan assets
for the funded pension plan consists of: 
       
      

            
            
                   
            2009
                       
    
            2008
          
            Cash and cash equivalents
            
            
            1
            %
            
            
            3
            %
          
            Equity securities
            
            
            72
            %
            
            
            71
            %
          
            Debt
      securities
            
            
            27
            %
            
            
            26
            %
          
            Total
            
            
            100
            %
            
            
            100
            %
  
          
    
    26
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    12. Employee future benefit plans
(cont’d): 
     
    The elements of the employee future
benefit plan expenses recognized for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
were as follows: 
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
                 
             
            
            
                 
            Other benefit
            
            
                 
             
            
            
                 
            Other benefit
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Pension plan
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
            
            
            Pension plan
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
          
            
            
            Current service cost
            
            
            $
            366
            
            
            
            
            $
            3
            
            
            
            
            $
            348
            
            
            
            
            $
            3
            
            
          
            
            
            Interest cost
            
            
            
            
            594
            
            
            
            
            
            
            35
            
            
            
            
            
            
            562
            
            
            
            
            
            
            35
            
            
          
            
            
            Actual (return) loss on plan
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                
      assets
            
            
            
            
            (1,477
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            2,337
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            Actuarial (gains) losses
            
            
            
            
            114
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (7
            )
            
            
            
            
            (243
            )
            
            
            
            
            (5
            )
          
            
            
            Plan expenses
            
            
            
            
            33
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            32
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            Curtailment
      gain
            
            
            
            
            (1,055
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            Employee future benefit
    plan
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
                 
                 expense (gain)
            
            
            $
            (1,425
            )
            
            
            $
            31
            
            
            
            
            $
            3,036
            
            
            
            
            $
            33
            
            
          
    
    The significant actuarial assumptions
adopted in measuring benefit obligations at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were as
follows: 
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
                 
            Pension
                 
            Other benefit
                 
            Pension 
                 
            Other benefit
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
            plan
            
            
            plan
            
            
            plan
          
            
            
            Discount rate
            
            
            6.0%
             
            6.0%
            
            
            6.0%
             
            6.0%
          
                 
            Rate of
      compensation increase
            
            
            n/a
            
            
            n/a
            
            
            3.3%
             
            n/a
          
    
    The significant actuarial assumptions
adopted in determining net expense for the years ended December 31, 2009 and
2008 were as follows: 
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
                 
            Pension
                 
            Other benefit
                 
            Pension
                 
            Other benefit
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            plan
            
            
            plan
            
            
            plan
            
            
            plan
          
            
            
            Discount rate
            
            
            6.0%
            
            
            6.0%
             
            6.0%
             
            6.0%
          
                 
            Rate of
      compensation increase
            
            
            3.3%
             
            n/a
            
            
            3.3%
             
            n/a
          
    
    The assumed health care cost trend rates
applicable to the other benefit plans at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were as
follows: 
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
                      
            2008
          
            
            
            Initial medical health care cost
      trend rate
            
            
            9.0%
             
            9.0%
          
            
            
            Initial dental health care cost trend rate
            
            
            5.0%
            
            
            5.0%
          
            
            
            Cost trend rate declines to medical
      and dental
            
            
            5.0%
             
            5.0%
          
            
            
            Year that the medical rate reaches the rate it is
            
            
             
            
            
             
          
            
            
                 assumed to remain at
            
            
            2017
            
            
            2017
          
            
            
            Year that the dental rate reaches
      the rate it is
            
            
             
            
            
             
          
                 
                 assumed to remain at
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2009
          
    
    27 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    12. Employee future benefit plans
(cont’d): 
     
    A one-percentage-point change in assumed
health care cost trend rates would not have a material impact on the
Corporation’s financial statements. 
     
    13. Share capital: 
     
    
      

            
            
            (a)
            
            
            Authorized and issued:
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
              Unlimited
      number of common shares, voting, without par value. 
               
              Unlimited
      number of preferred shares, issuable in series.
            
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
              At December 31, 2009,
      83,973,988 (2008 – 82,122,135) common shares are issued and
      outstanding.
            
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            Share option plan:
          
            
            
             
          
                 
            
            
             
            
              In 2009,
      the Corporation adopted a consolidated share option plan to supersede and
      replace four previous share option plans. All directors, officers and
      employees of the Corporation, and its subsidiaries, are eligible to
      participate in the share option plan although as a matter of policy,
      options are currently not issued to directors. Option exercise prices are
      denominated in both Canadian and U.S. dollars, depending on the residency
      of the recipient. Canadian dollar denominated options have been converted
      to U.S. dollars using the year-end exchange rate for presentation
      purposes. All options have a term of seven to ten years from the date of
      grant unless otherwise determined by the board of directors. One-third of
      the options vest and may be exercised, at the beginning of each of the
      second, third and fourth years after granting.
            
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
              As at
      December 31, 2009, options outstanding from the consolidated share option
      plan was as follows:
            
          
    
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
             
            
            
                 
            Weighted
      average
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Options for common
      shares
            
            
            
            
            exercise
      price
          
            
            
            Balance, December 31,
2007
            
            
            5,585,076
            
            
            
            
            $
            34.15
          
            
            
                 Options granted
            
            
            829,374
            
            
             
            
            
            4.11
          
             
                 Options cancelled
            
            
            (938,068
            )
            
            
             
            29.05
          
            
            
            Balance, December 31, 2008
            
            
            5,476,382
             
            
            
            
            
            24.65
          
            
            
                 Options
      granted
            
            
            1,944,997
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1.60
          
            
            
                 Options exercised
             
            (5,000
            )
            
            
            
            
            1.01
          
            
            
                 Options cancelled
            
            
            (1,548,528
            )
            
            
            
            
            33.13
          
                       
    
            Balance, December
      31, 2009
            
            
            5,867,851
            
            
            
            
            $
            19.18
          
    
    28 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    13. Share capital (cont’d):

     
    
      

            
            
            (b)
             
            Share option plans (cont’d):
          
            
            
             
          
                 
            
            
            
            
            
              The
      following table summarizes information about the Corporation’s share
      options outstanding as at December 31, 2009:
               
            
          
    
    
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Options outstanding
            
            
            Options exercisable
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Weighted
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Number
            
            
            average
            
            
            Weighted
            
            
            Number
            
            
            Weighted
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            outstanding at
            
            
            remaining
            
            
            average
            
            
            exercisable at
            
            
            average
          
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
             December 31,
            
            
            contractual life
            
            
            exercise
            
            
            December 31,
            
            
            exercise
          
            
            
            Range of exercise
      price
            
            
                 
            2009
                 
            (years)
                 
            price
                 
            2009
                 
            price
          
            
            
            $1.01 – $5.00
            
            
            
            
            2,472,315
            
            
            6.1
            
            
            $
            2.42
            
            
            219,390
            
            
            $
            4.63
          
            
            
            $5.51 – $7.56
            
            
            
            
            1,737,137
            
            
            5.3
            
            
            
            
            6.97
            
            
            1,545,608
            
            
            
            
            6.93
          
            
            
            $10.00 – $17.41
            
            
            
            
            426,305
            
            
            3.5
            
            
            
            
            13.55
            
            
            426,305
            
            
            
            
            13.55
          
            
            
            $24.91 – $41.67
            
            
            
            
            708,794
            
            
            2.3
            
            
            
            
            37.10
            
            
            708,794
            
            
            
            
            37.10
          
             
            $62.80 – 84.21
            
            
            
            
            285,500
            
            
            1.2
            
            
            
            
            68.00
            
            
            285,500
            
            
            
            
            68.00
          
            
            
            $109.90 –
      $182.68
            
            
            
            
            237,800
            
            
            0.2
            
            
            
            
                 180.70
            
            
            237,800
            
            
            
            
                 180.70
          
                       
    
            
            
            
            
            
            
            5,867,851
            
            
            4.7
            
            
            $
            19.18
            
            
            3,423,397
            
            
            $
            31.02
          
    
    The Corporation uses the fair-value
method for recording employee and director share option grants. During 2009,
compensation expense of $1,760,000 (2008 - $2,763,000) was recorded in net
income as a result of fair value accounting for share options granted. The share
options granted during the year had a weighted average fair value of $0.76 (2008
- - $2.65) and vesting periods of three years. 
     
    The fair values of the options granted were determined using the
Black-Scholes valuation model under the following weighted average assumptions:

     
    
      

            
            
            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
            Expected life
                
    
            5 years
                      
            7 years
          
             
            Expected dividends
            
            
            Nil
            
            
            Nil
          
            
            
            Expected volatility
            
            
            60%
             
            48%
          
                       
    
            Risk-free
      interest rate
            
            
            3%
             
            4%
          
    
    
      

            
            
            (c)
             
            Share distribution plan:
          
            
            
             
          
                 
            
            
            
            
            
              In 2009,
      the Corporation adopted a consolidated share distribution plan to
      supersede and replace five previous share distribution plans. The
      consolidated share distribution plan permits the issuance of common shares
      for no cash consideration to employees of the Corporation to recognize
      their past contribution and to encourage future contribution to the
      Corporation. At December 31, 2009, there were 1,472,380 shares available
      to be issued under these plans.
            
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
              No
      compensation expense was charged against income during the year ended
      December 31, 2009 (2008 - $5,446,000) for shares distributed, and to be
      distributed, under the plans.
            
          
    
     
    29 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    13. Share capital (cont’d):

     
    
      

            
            
            (d)
             
            Deferred Share Units:
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            Deferred share units (“DSUs”) are granted to the board of directors
      and executives. Eligible directors may elect to receive all or part of
      their annual retainers and executives may elect to receive all or part of
      their annual bonuses in DSUs. Each DSU is redeemable for one common share
      in the capital of the Corporation after the director or executive ceases
      to provide services to the Corporation. Shares will be issued from the
      Corporation’s share distribution plan. As at December 31, 2009, 316,152
      DSUs (2008 – 333,066) were issued and outstanding.
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            In 2009, the Corporation determined that 169,276 DSUs had been
      issued to directors in excess of a limitation set out in its share
      distribution plan. The Corporation’s shareholders ratified the DSU
      overgrant. Accordingly the previously recorded compensation expense
      relating to the overgrant was reversed from contributed surplus and the
      revised compensation expense for the approved DSUs was recorded based on
      the market price of the shares on the date of approval, resulting in a net
      decrease to contributed surplus of $451,000. In 2008, $202,000 of
      compensation expense was recorded for the year then ended.
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
            (e)
            
            
            Restricted Share Units:
          
            
            
             
          
            
            
             
            
            
            The Corporation has two plans under which restricted share units
      (“RSUs”) may be granted. The awards under the consolidated share
      distribution plan (note 13 (c)) are satisfied by the issuance of treasury
      shares on maturity. The awards granted under the Market Purchase RSU Plan
      are satisfied by shares to be purchased on the open market by a trust
      established for that purpose. During 2009, the Corporation repurchased
      87,729 common shares through the trust for cash consideration of $207,000
      for the purpose of funding future grants under the Market Purchase RSU
      Plan.
          
            
            
             
          
                 
             
            
            
            RSUs are granted to employees and executives. Each RSU is
      convertible into one common share. The RSUs vest after a specified number
      of years from the date of issuance, and under certain circumstances, are
      contingent on achieving specified performance criteria. As at December 31,
      2009, 1,621,749 RSUs (2008 – 1,092,813) were issued and outstanding, and
      $1,736,000 (2008 - $1,388,000) of compensation expense was recorded for
      the year then ended.
          
    
     
    30
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    14. Investment and other income
(loss):
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
                 
            2008
            
            
          
            
            
            Investment return (loss) less interest
      cost on employee future
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 benefit
      plans
            
            
            $
            741
            
            
            $
            (2,686
            )
          
            
            
            Curtailment gain
      on employee future benefit plans
            
            
            
            
            1,055
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            Employee future benefits gain
      (loss) (note 12)
            
            
             
            1,796
            
            
            
            
            (2,686
            )
          
            
            
            Investment income
            
            
            
            
            387
            
            
            
            
            2,012
            
            
          
            
            
            Other income
             
            
            
            625
            
            
            
            
            1,456
            
            
          
            
            
            Foreign exchange
      gain (loss)
            
            
            
            
            3,187
             
             
            (3,653
            )
          
                 
            Investment
      and other income (loss)
            
            
            $
                 5,995
            
            
            $
                 (2,871
            )
          
    
    15. Commitments, guarantees and
contingencies: 
     
    At December 31, 2009, the Corporation is committed to payments under
operating leases as follows: 
     
    
      

            
            
            2010
                 
            
            
            1,789
          
            
            
            2011
            
            
            
            
            1,789
          
             
            2012
            
            
            
            
            1,789
          
            
            
            2013
            
            
            
            
            1,789
          
            
            
            2014
             
             
            1,842
          
            
            
            Thereafter
            
            
            
            
            9,524
          
                 
            Total minimum
      lease payments
            
            
            $
                
18,522
          
    
    The Corporation has agreed to pay
royalties in respect of sales of certain fuel cell-based stationary power
products under two development programs with Canadian government agencies. The
total combined royalty is limited in any year to 4% of revenue from such
products. Under the original terms of the Utilities Development Program (Phase
1) with the Governments of Canada and British Columbia, total royalties were
payable to a maximum equal to the original amount of the government
contributions of CDN $10,702,000. During 2009, a Canadian government agency
agreed to terminate potential royalties payable of CDN $5,351,000 in respect of
future sales of fuel cell based stationary power products under the Utilities
Development Program (Phase 1). As at December 31, 2009, no royalties have been
incurred for Phase 1. Under the terms of the Utilities Development Program
(Phase 2) with Technology Partnerships Canada (“TPC”) total royalties are
payable to a maximum of CDN $38,329,000. As at December 31, 2009, a total of CDN
$5,320,000 in royalty repayments have been made for Phase 2 including payments
of CDN $115,000 in 2009 and CDN $184,000 in 2008.
     
    31 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    15. Commitments, guarantees and
contingencies (cont’d): 
     
    
      

            
            
            Original
      maximum recoverable amount under Phase 1 and 2
                 
            CDN$
                 
            49,031
            
            
          
            
            
                 Prior year payments applied
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (5,022
            )
          
            
            
            Maximum recoverable amount,
      December 31,
      2007
            
            
            
            
            
            
            44,009
            
            
          
            
            
                 2008 payments
            
               
            
            
            
            
            
            (184
            )
          
            
            
            Maximum recoverable amount,
      December 31,
      2008
            
            
            
            
            
            
            43,825
            
            
          
            
            
                
      Termination of potential royalties payable
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (5,351
            )
          
            
            
                 2009 payments
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (115
            )
          
             
            Maximum
      recoverable amount, December 31, 2009
            
            
            CDN$
            
            
            38,359
            
            
          
                 
            Maximum
      recoverable amount, December 31, 2009
            
            
            US$
            
            
            36,498
            
            
          
    
    The Corporation has issued letter of
credits in the amount of $293,000 (2008 - $nil) related to inventory purchases
and customer guarantees as at December 31, 2009.
     
    At December 31, 2009, the Corporation has
outstanding commitments aggregating up to a maximum of $1,691,000 (2008 -
$164,000) relating primarily to purchases of property, plant and
equipment.
     
    The Corporation is also committed to make
future investments totaling $255,000 in Chrysalix (note 8). 
     
    The Corporation has agreed to pay
royalties in respect of sales of Ballard fuel cells or fuel cell systems under a
July 31, 1996 Fuel Cell Bus Program Agreement (“FC Bus Agreement”), with
Province of British Columbia, BC Transit, and BC Transportation Financing
Authority (“BCTFA”). Under the terms of FC Bus Agreement, the royalty payable is
at a rate of 2% on future sales of such products for commercial transit
application to a maximum of $2,093,000 (CDN$ 2,200,000). No royalties have been
paid, or accrued, as of December 31, 2009.
     
    The Arrangement with Superior Plus (note
2) includes an indemnification agreement dated December 31, 2008 (the “Indemnity
Agreement”), which sets out the parties’ continuing obligations to the other.
The Indemnity Agreement provides for the indemnification by each of the parties
to the other for breaches of representations and warranties or covenants, as
well as, in the Corporation’s case, any liability relating to the business,
which is suffered by Superior Plus. The Corporation’s indemnity to Superior Plus
with respect to representation relating to the existence of the Corporation’s
tax pools immediately prior to the completion of the Arrangement is limited to
an aggregate of $6,993,000 (CDN $7,350,000) with a threshold amount of $476,000
(CDN $500,000) before there is an obligation to make a payment. The Indemnity
Agreement also provides for adjustments to be paid by the Corporation, or to the
Corporation, depending on the final determination of the amount of 2008 Canadian
non-capital losses, scientific research and development expenditures and
investment tax credits, to the extent that such amounts are more or less than
the amounts estimated at the time the Arrangement was executed.
     
    32 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    15. Commitments, guarantees and contingencies
(cont’d):
     
    At December 31, 2009, no amount payable or receivable has been accrued as
a result of the Indemnity Agreement.
     
    16. Income taxes:
     
    The Corporation’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined
Canadian federal and provincial statutory income tax rate for manufacturing and
processing companies.
     
    The principal factors causing the difference are as follows:
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
            
            
                 
            2008
            
            
          
            
            
            Net income
      (loss) before income taxes
            
            
            $
            (3,265
            )
            
            
            $
            31,472
            
            
          
            
            
            Expected tax expense (recovery) at 30.00%
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 (2008–31.00%)
            
            
            $
            (980
            )
            
            
            $
            9,756
            
            
          
            
            
            Increase (reduction) in income
      taxes resulting from:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 Gain on sale of assets
            
            
            
            
            (5,966
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
                 Income
      transferred on Arrangement
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
                
      (10,807
            )
          
            
            
                 Non-deductible expenses (non-taxable
      income)
            
            
            
            
            320
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (483
            )
          
            
            
                
      Non-taxable equity gain in associated companies
            
            
            
            
            (2,509
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
                 Investment tax credits earned
            
            
            
            
            (6,681
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
                 Foreign
      tax rate differences
            
            
            
            
            249
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (35
            )
          
            
            
                 Losses and other deductions for which no
      benefit
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                      has been
      recorded
            
            
            
            
                 15,567
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,569
            
            
          
            
            
            Income tax expense
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            Branch
    tax
            
            
            
            
            (7
            )
            
            
            
            
            16
            
            
          
                 
            Income taxes
      (recovery)
            
            
            $
            (7
            )
            
            
            $
            16
            
            
          
    
    The Corporation has available to carry
forward the following as at December 31: 
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
                 
            2008
          
            
            
            Canadian scientific research
      expenditures
            
            
            $
            24,880
            
            
            $
            4,555
          
            
            
            Canadian investment tax credits
            
            
            
            
            8,746
            
            
            
            
            810
          
            
            
            German losses from operations for
      corporate tax purposes
            
            
            
            
            204
            
            
            
            
            130
          
            
            
            U.S. federal losses from operations
            
            
            
            
            18,440
            
            
            
            
            28,158
          
             
            U.S. state losses from
      operations
            
            
            
            
            3,333
            
            
            
            
            19,072
          
            
            
            U.S. research and development and investment tax credits
            
            
            
            
            783
            
            
            
            
            2,162
          
                 
            U.S. capital
      losses
            
            
            
            
                 180,761
            
            
            
            
                
171,338
          
    
    The Canadian scientific research
expenditures may be carried forward indefinitely. The German losses from
operations may be used to offset future taxable income in Germany for corporate
tax and trade tax purposes and may be carried forward indefinitely. The U.S.
federal losses from operations may be used to offset future U.S. taxable income
and expire over the period from 2010 to 2029.
     
    33 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial
      Statements 
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and
      2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in
      thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts and number of
      shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    16. Income taxes (cont’d):

     
    The U.S. states losses from operations
arising in California and Massachusetts may be used to offset future state
taxable income and may be carried forward for ten and five years
respectively.
     
    The U.S. research and development and
investment tax credits are available to reduce future U.S. taxable income and
expire over the period from 2010 to 2028. The U.S. capital losses are available
to reduce U.S. capital gains and expire over the period from 2010 to 2012.

     
    The Canadian investment tax credits may
be used to offset future Canadian income taxes otherwise payable and expire as
follows: 
     
    
      

            
            
            2010
                 
            $
            168
          
            
            
            2011
            
            
            
            
            306
          
            
            
            2012
            
            
            
            
            58
          
            
            
            2013
            
            
            
            
            115
          
            
            
            2014
            
            
            
            
            101
          
            
            
            2015
            
            
            
            
            -
          
            
            
            2016
            
            
            
            
            90
          
            
            
            2017
            
            
            
            
            100
          
            
            
            2029
            
            
            
            
            7,808
          
                 
            
            
            
            
            $
                 8,746
          
    
    The following sets forth the tax effect
of temporary differences that give rise to future income tax assets and
liabilities: 
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
            
            
                 
            2008
            
            
          
            
            
            Future income tax assets:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 Scientific research expenditures
            
            
            $
            6,220
            
            
            
            
            $
            1,184
            
            
          
            
            
                 Investment
      in associated companies
            
            
            
            
            2,173
            
            
            
            
            
            
            2,511
            
            
          
            
            
                 Accrued warranty and pension
      liabilities
            
            
            
            
            3,747
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,198
            
            
          
            
            
                 Losses
      from operations carried forward
            
            
            
            
            6,526
            
            
            
            
            
            
            10,705
            
            
          
            
            
                 Capital losses
            
            
            
            
            61,459
            
            
            
            
            
            
            58,255
            
            
          
            
            
                 Investment
      tax credits
            
            
            
            
            8,274
            
            
            
            
            
            
            2,976
            
            
          
            
            
                 Property, plant and equipment and
      intangible
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 assets
            
            
            
            
            28,111
            
            
            
            
            
            
            17,109
            
            
          
            
            
            Total future income tax
      assets
            
            
            
            
                
      116,510
            
            
            
            
            
            
            95,938
            
            
          
            
            
            Less valuation allowance:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 -
      Canada
            
            
            
            
            (47,346
            )
            
            
            
            
            (23,515
            )
          
            
            
                 - U.S.
            
            
            
            
            (69,110
            )
            
            
            
            
                 (72,389
            )
          
            
            
                 - Germany
            
            
            
            
            (54
            )
            
            
            
            
            (34
            )
          
                 
            Net future income
      taxes
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
          
    
    34 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial
      Statements 
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and
      2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in
      thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts and number of
      shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    17. Related party transactions:

     
    Related parties include shareholders with
a significant ownership interest in the Corporation, together with its
subsidiaries and affiliates, and the Corporation’s equity accounted investee.
The revenue and costs recognized from transactions with such parties reflect the
prices and terms of sales and purchase transactions with related parties, which
are in accordance with normal trade practices. 
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
                 
            2008
          
            
            
            Balances with related
      parties:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 Accounts receivable
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            $
                 4,500
          
                 
                 Accounts payable and accrued
      liabilities
            
            
            
            
                       
      -
            
            
            
            
            31
          
    
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
                 
            2008
          
            
            
            Transactions during the year with
      related parties:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 Revenues
            
            
            $
            380
            
            
            $
            7,906
          
            
            
                
      Purchases
            
            
            
            
            78
            
            
            
            
            188
          
                 
                 Net investments and advances (note
      11)
            
            
            $
                 5,000
            
            
            $
                 5,939
          
    
    In addition, the AFCC Transaction is a
related party transaction (note 3).
     
    18. Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
information: 
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
                 
            2008
          
            
            
            Non-cash financing and investing
      activities:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 Compensatory shares
            
            
            $
            2,847
            
            
            $
            7,299
          
            
            
                 Accrued
      costs related to Arrangement (note 2)
            
            
            $
            584
            
            
            $
            3,108
          
            
            
                 Shares cancelled on AFCC transaction (note
      3)
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            $
                 173,900
          
                 
                 Assets acquired under capital lease (note
      6)
            
            
            $
                 2,078
            
            
            $
            -
  
          
    
    19. Segmented financial information:

     
    The Corporation’s business operates in
three market segments:
    
      Fuel Cell Products: Fuel
  cell products and services for motive power (consisting of the material
  handling and bus markets) and stationary power (consisting of the back-up
  power, supplemental power, and distributed generation markets)
  applications; 
        
      Contract Automotive:
  Contract manufacturing of light-duty automotive fuel cell products and testing
  and engineering services provided primarily to AFCC, Daimler and Ford;
  and 
        
      Material
  Products: Carbon
  fiber material products primarily for automotive applications and gas
  diffusion layer (“GDL”) material for fuel cell products. 
    
    35 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial
      Statements 
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and
      2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in
      thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts and number of
      shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    19. Segmented financial information
(cont’d): 
     
    Segment revenues and segment income
(loss) represent the primary financial measures used by senior management in
assessing performance and allocating resources, and include the revenues, cost
of product and service revenues and expenses for which management is held
accountable. Segment expenses include research and product development costs
directly related to individual segments.
     
    Costs associated with shared services and
other shared costs are allocated based on headcount and square footage.
Corporate amounts include expenses for research and product development, sales
and marketing, and general and administrative, which apply generally across all
segments and are reviewed separately by senior management. 
     
    A significant portion of the
Corporation’s production, testing and lab equipment, and facilities, as well as
intellectual property, are common across the segments. Therefore, management
does not classify asset information on a segmented basis. Instead, performance
assessments of these assets and related resources allocations are done on a
company-wide basis.
     
    
      

            
            
            
            
                 
            2009
            
            
                 
            2008
            
            
          
            
            
            Revenues
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            Fuel Cell Products
            
            
            $
            24,142
            
            
            
            
            $
            27,641
            
            
          
            
            
            Contract Automotive
            
            
            
            
            9,170
            
            
            
            
            
            
            19,217
            
            
          
            
            
            Material
      Products
            
            
            
            
            13,410
            
            
            
            
            
            
            12,722
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            $
            46,722
            
            
            
            
            $
            59,580
            
            
          
            
            
            Segment income
      (loss) for the year (1)
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            Fuel Cell Products
            
            
            $
            (11,553
            )
            
            
            $
            (3,780
            )
          
            
            
            Contract Automotive
            
            
            
            
            1,236
            
            
            
            
            
            
            2,648
            
            
          
            
            
            Material
      Products
            
            
            
            
            2,315
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (94
            )
          
            
            
            Total
            
            
            
            
            (8,002
            )
            
            
            
            
            (1,226
            )
          
            
            
            Corporate amounts
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                 Research and product development
            
            
            
            
            (12,699
            )
            
            
            
            
            (23,805
            )
          
            
            
                 General
      and administrative
            
            
            
            
                
      (10,801
            )
            
            
            
            
                
      (12,515
            )
          
            
            
                 Sales and marketing
            
            
            
            
            (7,203
            )
            
            
            
            
            (7,461
            )
          
            
            
                
      Restructuring charges
            
            
            
            
            (6,229
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
                 Acquisition and related charges
            
            
            
            
            (529
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            Depreciation and
    amortization
            
            
            
            
            (6,580
            )
            
            
            
            
            (6,034
            )
          
            
            
            Investment and other income (loss)
            
            
            
            
            5,995
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (2,871
            )
          
            
            
            Gain (loss) on disposal and write-down
      of long-lived
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                
      assets
            
            
            
            
            122
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (2,812
            )
          
            
            
            Gain on sale of assets
            
            
            
            
            34,297
            
            
            
            
            
            
            96,845
            
            
          
            
            
            Equity gain
      (loss) in associated companies
            
            
            
            
            8,364
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (8,649
            )
          
                 
            Income (loss)
      before income taxes
            
            
            $
            (3,265
            )
            
            
            $
            31,472
            
            
          
    
    
      

            
              (1) Research and product development
      costs directly related to segments are included in segment income (loss)
      for the year.
            
          
    
    36 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
     
    19. Segmented financial information
(cont’d): 
     
    As at December 31, 2009 and 2008, total
goodwill of $48,106,000 was allocated $46,291,000 to the Fuel Cell Products
segment, and $1,815,000 to the Material Products segment.
     
    In 2009, revenues from the Fuel Cell
Products segment included sales to one customer that exceeds 10% of total
revenue in the amount of $8,093,000. Revenues from the Contract Automotive
segment included sales to one customer that exceeds 10% of total revenue in the
amount of $6,244,000. 
     
    In 2008, revenues from the Fuel Cell
Products segment included sales to one customer that exceeds 10% of total
revenue in the amount of $8,256,000. Revenues from the Contract Automotive
segment included sales of two customers that each exceeds 10% of total revenue
in the amount of $9,343,000 and $8,053,000, respectively.
     
    Revenues and capital asset information by
geographic area, as at and for the years ended December 31, is as follows:

     
    
      

                    
            
            
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
                   

            Property, plant and
                   
            
            
            
            
                   
            Property, plant and
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            equipment and
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            equipment and
          
            
            
            
            
            Revenues
            
            
            goodwill
            
            
            Revenues
            
            
            goodwill
          
            
            
            Canada
            $
            6,246
            
            
            $
            76,746
            
            
            $
            9,991
            
            
            $
            77,570
          
            
            
            U.S.
            
            
            30,347
            
            
            
            
            10,621
            
            
            
            
            29,713
            
            
            
            
            9,232
          
            
            
            Japan
            
            
            485
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            5,138
            
            
            
            
            -
          
            
            
            Germany
            
            
            4,879
            
            
            
            
            59
            
            
            
            
            11,822
            
            
            
            
            59
          
            
            
            Other
      countries
            
            
            4,765
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            2,916
            
            
            
            
            -
          
            
            
            
            
            $
                 46,722
            
            
            $
                 87,426
            
            
            $
                 59,580
            
            
            $
                
86,861
          
    
    Revenues are attributed to countries
based on customer location. 
     
    20. Financial instruments:

     
    (a) Fair Value; 
     
    The Corporation’s financial instruments
consist of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts
receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and obligations under
capital lease. The fair values of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and accrued liabilities approximate carrying value because of the short-term
nature of these instruments. The fair value of long-term investments accounted
for on the cost basis is not practical to determine because none of the
investments are publicly traded. The fair value of obligations under capital
lease approximates carrying value as the leases were entered into near the end
of the reporting period. The carrying value of cash equivalents and short-term
investments equal their fair values as they are classified as held for
trading.
     
    37
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
              
          
    
    20. Financial instruments (cont’d):

     
    (a) Fair Value (cont’d); 
     
    Fair value measurements recognized in the
balance sheet must be categorized in accordance with the following
levels:
     
    
      

                 
            (i)
             
            Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted)
      in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
          
            
            
            (ii)
            
            
            Level 2: inputs other than quoted
      prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
      either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from
      prices);
          
            
            
            (iii)
            
            
            Level 3: inputs for the asset or
      liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable
      inputs).
          
    
     
    The Corporation categorized the fair
value measurement of its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in
Level 1 as they are primarily derived directly from reference to quoted
(unadjusted) prices in active markets.
     
    (b) Financial risk management:
     
    The Corporation primarily has exposure to
currency exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. These risks
arise primarily from the Corporation’s holdings of U.S. and Canadian dollar
denominated cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
     
    
      

                    
            
            
            2009
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
            Canadian
                  
            
            
                  
            
            
            
            
                  
            Canadian
                  
            
            
                  
             
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            dollar
            
            
            U.S. dollar
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            dollar
            
            
            U.S. dollar
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            portfolio(1)
            
            
            portfolio
            
            
            Total
            
            
            portfolio(1)
            
            
            portfolio
            
            
            Total
          
            
            
            Cash and cash equivalents
            $
            9,191
            
            
            $
            34,108
            
            
            $
            43,299
            
            
            $
            43,343
            
            
            $
            10,743
              
            $
            54,086
          
            
            
            Short-term
      investments
            
            
            11,059
            
            
            
            
            27,873
            
            
            
            
            38,932
            
            
            
            
            15,289
            
            
            
            
            16,024
            
            
            
            
            31,313
          
            
            
            Total cash, cash
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   equivalents and
    short-
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   term investments
            $
                 20,250
            
            
            $
                 61,981
            
            
            $
                 82,231
            
            
            $
                 58,632
            
            
            $
                 26,767
            
            
            $
                 85,399
          
            
            
            (1) U.S. dollar equivalent
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
              
          
    
    Changes arising from these risks could
impact the Corporation’s reported investment and other income through either
changes to investment income or foreign exchange gains or losses (note
14).
     
    The Corporation did not realize any
material gains or losses on its accounts receivable or its financial liabilities
measured at amortized cost.
     
    38
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
             
          
    
    20. Financial instruments
(cont’d):

     
    
      

                 
            (i)
             
            Foreign
      currency exchange rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash
      flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
      foreign exchange rates. The Corporation is exposed to  currency risks
      primarily due to its holdings of Canadian dollar denominated cash
      equivalents and short-term investments and its Canadian dollar denominated
      purchases and accounts payable. Substantially all receivables are
      denominated in U.S. dollars.
          
            
            
               
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            The
      Corporation limits its exposure to foreign currency risk by holding
      Canadian denominated cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in
      amounts up to 100% of forecasted twelve month Canadian dollar net
      expenditures and up to 50% of the following twelve months of forecasted
      Canadian dollar net expenditures, thereby creating a natural hedge.
      Periodically, the Corporation also enters into forward foreign exchange
      contracts to further limit its exposure. At December 31, 2009, the
      Corporation had Canadian dollar cash, cash equivalents and short-term
      investments of CDN $21,283,000, and no outstanding forward foreign
      exchange contracts.
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            The following
      exchange rates applied during the year ended December 31, 2009:
  
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
               
          
    
    
      

                     
            
            
            $U.S. to $1.00 CDN
                 
            $CDN to $1.00 $U.S.
          
            
            
            January 1, 2009 Opening
    rate
            $
            0.821
            
            
            $
            1.218
          
            
            
            December 31, 2009 Close
    rate
            
            
            0.951
            
            
            
            
            1.051
          
            
            
            Fiscal 2009 Average rate
             
            
            
            0.876
            
            
            
            
            1.142
          
            
            
            Fiscal 2009 Year high
            
            
            
            
            0.952
            
            
            
            
            1.051
          
            
            
            Fiscal 2009
      Year low
            
            
            
            
            0.786
            
            
            
            
            1.272
          
    
    
      

                 
            
            
             
            Based on
      cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and outstanding forward
      foreign exchange contracts held at December 31, 2009, a 10% increase in
      the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar, with all other variables held
      constant, would result in an increase in foreign exchange gains of
      approximately $2,024,000. If the Canadian dollar weakened 10% against the
      U.S. dollar, there would be an equal, and opposite impact, on net income.
      This sensitivity analysis includes foreign currency denominated monetary
      items, and adjusts their translation at year-end, for a 10% change in
      foreign currency rates.
          
            
            
               
          
            
            
            (ii)
            
            
            Interest
      rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a
      financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest
      rates. The Corporation is exposed to interest rate risk arising primarily
      from fluctuations in interest rates on its cash, cash equivalents and
      short-term investments. The Corporation limits its exposure to interest
      rate risk by continually monitoring and adjusting portfolio duration to
      align to forecasted cash requirements and anticipated changes in interest
      rates.
          
    
     
    39
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
               
          
    
    20. Financial instruments (cont’d):

     
    
      

                 
            
            
             
            Based on
      cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at December 31, 2009, a
      0.25% decline in interest rates, with all other variables held constant,
      would result in a decrease in investment income $206,000, arising mainly
      as a result of an increase in the fair value of fixed rate financial
      assets classified as held-for-trading. If interest rates had been 0.25%
      higher, there would be an equal and opposite impact on net
    income.
          
            
            
                
          
            
            
            (iii)
            
            
            Credit risk
      is the risk of financial loss to the Corporation if a counterparty to a
      financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations and arises
      principally from the Corporation’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term
      investments and accounts receivable. The Corporation limits its exposure
      to credit risk on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments by
      only investing in liquid, investment grade securities. The Corporation
      manages its exposure to credit risk on accounts receivable by assessing
      the ability of counterparties to fulfill their obligations under the
      related contracts prior to entering into such contracts, and continuously
      monitors these exposures.
          
    
     
    21. Capital disclosures:

     
    As at December 31, 2009, the Corporation
considers its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as its capital.
The Corporation does not have any bank debt or externally imposed capital
requirements to which it is subject other than its obligation under capital
lease. The Corporation’s objectives when managing capital are to manage its
capital with strong fiscal discipline; focus on markets with high product and
service revenue growth potential; license technology in cases where it is
advantageous to the Corporation; and access available government funding for
research and development projects. The Corporation’s current financing principle
is to maintain cash balances sufficient to fund at least six quarters of
operating cash consumption at all times.
     
    22. Differences between Canadian and
United States accounting principles and practices: 
     
    These consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Canadian GAAP which differ in certain
respects from those principles and practices that the Corporation would have
followed had its consolidated financial statements been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles and practices generally accepted in the United States
(“U.S. GAAP”). 
     
    40 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
               
          
     
    22. Differences between Canadian and
United States accounting principles and practices (cont’d): 
     
    
      

                 
            (a)
             
            Under
      Canadian GAAP, the adoption of the U.S. dollar in 2001 as the presentation
      and measurement currency was implemented by translating all prior year
      financial statement amounts at the foreign exchange rate on December 31,
      2001. Under U.S. GAAP, a change in presentation and measurement currency
      is implemented retroactively, such that prior period financial statements
      are translated under the current rate method using foreign exchange rates
      in effect on those dates. As a result, there is a difference in the share
      capital, additional paid-in capital, accumulated deficit and accumulated
      other comprehensive income amounts under U.S. GAAP as compared to Canadian
      GAAP.
          
             
                
          
            
            
            (b)
            
            
            Under
      Canadian GAAP, the Corporation has accounted for funding received in prior
      years under the TPC agreement in accordance with specific pronouncements
      on accounting for government assistance by reducing research and product
      development expenses, cost of revenues, inventory and capital assets by
      the amount of the funding received.
          
            
            
               
          
            
            
             
            
            
            Under U.S.
      GAAP, there are no authoritative accounting standards addressing the
      various types of government assistance programs. Since the TPC funding
      combines the characteristics of a grant with some characteristics of a
      debt instrument, the Corporation has recorded the entire funding as
      long-term debt under U.S. GAAP. In addition, the U.S. GAAP liability is a
      Canadian dollar denominated liability and, as a result, foreign exchange
      gains and losses are incurred.
          
            
            
               
          
            
            
            (c)
            
            
            Under
      Canadian GAAP, the Corporation is required to account for gains and losses
      on the issuance of shares by a subsidiary or other entity which the
      Corporation accounts for on an equity basis, as a component of income.
      Under U.S. GAAP, the effect of such dilution gains are recorded in equity,
      as an increase in paid-in capital rather than as income.
          
            
            
                
          
            
            
            (d)
            
            
            Prior to
      2002, under Canadian GAAP, no compensation expense was recorded for
      employee share option plans under the intrinsic value method. A previous
      option exchange plan was accounted for as a variable option plan under
      U.S. GAAP. Prior to the Corporation’s 100% acquisition of BGS in 2003,
      minority interest under U.S. GAAP included the minority interest’s
      percentage share of compensation expense under variable plan accounting.
      The balance of the purchase price allocated to goodwill from the
      acquisition of the minority interest in BGS reflects this difference under
      U.S. GAAP.
          
    
     
    41
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
               
          
    
     
    22. Differences between Canadian and United States accounting principles and
practices (cont’d):
     
    
      

                  
            (e)
             
            Under
      Canadian GAAP, short-term investments are classified as held for trading
      and carried at fair market value with changes in fair market value
      recognized in net income. Under U.S. GAAP, the Corporation adopted
      Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 159, “The Fair Value
      Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (FAS 159)”,
      effective January 1, 2008 and elected to classify short-term investments
      as held for trading, making the treatment consistent with Canadian GAAP.
      Prior to that, the short-term investments were classified as
      available-for-sale and are carried at fair market value. As a result of
      the adoption of FAS 159 in 2008, gains of $4,733,000 recognized prior to
      the adoption have been reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive
      loss to accumulated deficit. Previously, unrealized holding gains and
      losses related to the short-term instruments were reflected as a separate
      component of shareholders’ equity under accumulated other comprehensive
      income (loss).
          
             
          
             
            (f)
            
            
            Under
      Canadian GAAP, investments where no significant influence exists are
      accounted for using the cost method. Under U.S. GAAP, investments in
      limited partnerships such as Chrysalix are accounted for using the equity
      method. In 2008, Chrysalix was written down to its estimated net
      realizable value and there is no difference in the carrying value of such
      investment as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 between Canadian and U.S.
      GAAP.
          
             
          
             
            (g)
            
            
            Under U.S.
      GAAP, the Corporation changed its accounting policy in 2009 for accounting
      for defined benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit plans from
      the defer and amortization approach to the immediate recognition approach.
      The Corporation believes the change in accounting policy more
      appropriately reflects the costs and liability of the employee future
      benefits as it better reflects the current estimated cost to terminate
      these plans. As a result of this change in accounting policy, applied on a
      retroactive basis, the Corporation has recognized in its balance sheet the
      net funded (deficiency) status of its employee future benefit plans. This
      results in no balance sheet difference to Canadian GAAP for the reported
      periods.
          
    
     
    42 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
               
          
    
     
    22. Differences between Canadian and
United States accounting principles and practices (cont’d): 
     
    U.S. GAAP also requires an entity to
recognize changes in the funded status of a defined benefit pension and
post-retirement plan within accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax,
to the extent such changes are not recognized in earnings as components of
periodic net benefit cost. As a result of the change in accounting policy, the
changes to the funded status in each of the reporting periods, has been
recognized in earnings, resulting in no income statement difference to Canadian
GAAP. 
     
    The change in accounting policy under
U.S. GAAP was applied retroactively and prior period financial statements have
been restated, as follows:
    
      Accumulated deficit at
  December 31, 2007 was increased by $224,000. 
        
      Net income for the year ended
  December 31, 2008 declined by $2,623,000 (representing a $0.03 decline in
  earnings and diluted earnings per share), with a corresponding increase in
  Accumulated other comprehensive income. 
        
      Net income for the year ended
  December 31, 2009 increased by $2,215,000 (representing a $0.03 increase in
  earnings and diluted earnings per share), with a corresponding decrease in
  Accumulated other comprehensive income. 
    
    
      

                  
            (h)
             
            Under U.S.
      GAAP, no sub-total would be provided in the operating section of the
      consolidated statement of cash flows. There are no other differences in
      operating, investing and financing cash
flows.
          
    
     
    43 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
               
          
    
    22. Differences between Canadian and
United States accounting principles and practices (cont’d): 
     
    Under U.S. GAAP, these differences would
have been reported in the consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive income (loss), and consolidated statements of
shareholders’ equity as follows: 
     
    
      

                    
            Consolidated condensed balance
      sheets:
          
            
            
             
            2009
            
            
            
            
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
                
            
            
            
            
            
            
                
            
            
            
            
            
            
                
            
            
            
            
             
                
            
            
            
            
             
                
            U.S.
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            GAAP
          
            
            
            
            
            Canadian
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            U.S.
            
            
            
            
            Canadian
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (revised – note
          
            
            
            
            
            GAAP
            
            
            
            
            Difference
            
            
            
            
            GAAP
            
            
            
            
            GAAP
            
            
            
            
            Difference
            
            
            
            
            22(g))
          
            
            
            Current assets
            $
            106,416
            
            
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            
            
            $
            106,416
             
            
            
            $
            116,091
            
            
            
            
            $
            -
             
            
            
            $
            116,091
            
            
          
            
            
            Property, plant and equipment
            
            
            39,320
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            39,320
            
            
            
            
            
            
            38,755
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            38,755
            
            
          
            
            
            Intangible assets
            
            
            824
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            824
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,726
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,726
            
            
          
            
            
            Goodwill (d)
            
            
            48,106
            
            
            
            
            
            
            490
            
            
            
            
            
            
            48,596
            
            
            
            
            
            
            48,106
            
            
            
            
            
            
            490
            
            
            
            
            
            
            48,596
            
            
          
            
            
            Investments (f)
            
            
            632
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            632
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,765
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,765
            
            
          
            
            
            Other long-term assets
            
            
            50
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            50
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            195,348
            
            
            
            
            $
            490
            
            
            
            
            $
            195,838
            
            
            
            
            $
            208,443
            
            
            
            
            $
            490
            
            
            
            
            $
            208,933
            
            
          
            
            
            Current liabilities
            $
            30,057
            
            
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            
            
            $
            30,057
            
            
            
            
            $
            26,607
            
            
            
            
            $
            -
            
            
            
            
            $
            26,607
            
            
          
            
            
            Long-term liabilities (b)
    (g)
            
            
            4,632
            
            
            
            
            
            
            36,404
            
            
            
            
            
            
            41,036
            
            
            
            
            
            
            23,349
            
            
            
            
            
            
            35,889
            
            
            
            
            
            
            59,238
            
            
          
            
            
            Obligation under capital lease
            
            
            1,739
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,739
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            36,428
            
            
            
            
            
            
            36,404
            
            
            
            
            
            
            72,832
            
            
            
            
            
            
            49,956
            
            
            
            
            
            
            35,889
            
            
            
            
            
            
            85,845
            
            
          
            
            
            Shareholders' equity:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            Share capital (a)
            
            
            835,358
            
            
            
            
            
            
            119,583
            
            
            
            
            
            
            954,941
            
            
            
            
            
            
            832,711
            
            
            
            
            
            
            119,583
            
            
            
            
            
            
            952,294
            
            
          
            
            
            Additional paid-in capital (a)(c)
            
            
            284,510
            
            
            
            
            
            
            86,929
            
            
            
            
            
            
            371,439
            
            
            
            
            
            
            283,466
            
            
            
            
            
            
            86,929
            
            
            
            
            
            
            370,395
            
            
          
            
            
            Accumulated deficit
            
            
                
      (960,712
            )
            
            
            
            
                
      (166,785)
             
            
            
             
                
      (1,127,497)
            
            
            
            
            
            
                
      (957,454
            )
            
            
            
            
                
      (166,270
            )
            
            
            
            
                
      (1,123,724
            )
          
            
            
            Accumulated other comprehensive
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   income (a)(e) (g)
            
            
            (236
            )
            
            
            
            
            (75,641
            )
            
            
            
            
            (75,877
            )
            
            
            
            
            (236
            )
            
            
            
            
            (75,641
            )
            
            
            
            
            (75,877
            )
          
            
            
            Shareholders' equity
            
            
            158,920
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (35,914
            )
            
            
            
            
            123,006
            
            
            
            
            
            
            158,487
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (35,399
            )
            
            
            
            
            123,088
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            $
            195,348
            
            
            
            
            $
            490
            
            
            
            
            $
            195,838
            
            
            
            
            $
            208,443
            
            
            
            
            $
            490
            
            
            
            
            $
            208,933
            
            
          
    
    44 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
               
          
    
    22. Differences between Canadian and
United States accounting principles and practices (cont’d): 
     
    
      

                    
             
            2009
                  
            2008
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (revised – note
      22(g))
          
            
            
            Income (loss) under Canadian
      GAAP
            $
            (3,258
            )
            
            
            $
            31,456
          
            
            
            Research and development (b)
            
            
            4,293
            
            
            
            
            
            
            94
          
            
            
            Foreign exchange gain (loss)
      (b)
            
            
            (4,808
            )
            
            
            
            
            8,373
          
            
            
            Equity in loss in
      associated companies (f)
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            1,325
          
             
            Net income (loss) and comprehensive
      income (loss) in 
             
             
             
             
             
             
          
            
            
                   accordance with U.S.
      GAAP
            $
                
      (3,773
            )
            
            
            $
                
      41,248
          
            
            
            Basic earnings (loss) per share, U.S. GAAP
            $
            (0.05
            )
            
            
            $
            0.49
          
            
            
            Diluted
      earnings (loss) per share, U.S. GAAP
            $
            (0.05
            )
            
            
            $
            0.48
          
    
    
      

                    
            Consolidated statements of
      shareholders’ equity:
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
             
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
                 
            Accumulated
                  
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            Additional
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            other
            
            
            Total
          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            paid-in
                 
            Accumulated
            
            
            comprehensive
            
            
            shareholders’
          
            
            
            
            
            Share
    capital
                 
            capital
            
            
            deficit
            
            
            income
    (loss)
            
            
            equity
          
            
            
            Balance, December 31, 2007,
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   as reported
            $
                
      1,294,404
            
            
            
            
            $
                
      159,219
            
            
            
            
            $
                
      (1,169,481
            )
            
            
            $
                
      (71,286
            )
            
            
            $
            212,856
            
            
          
            
            
            Change in accounting policy
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   (note
      22(g))
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (224
            )
            
            
            
            
            142
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (82
            )
          
            
            
            Balance, December 31, 2007
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   as revised
            
            
            1,294,404
            
            
            
            
            
            
            159,219
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (1,169,705
            )
            
            
            
            
            (71,144
            )
            
            
            
            
            212,774
            
            
          
            
            
            Net Income
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            41,248
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            41,248
            
            
          
            
            
            Cumulative effect of adoption
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   of FAS 159 (e)
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            4,733
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (4,733
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            Cancellation of common shares
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   upon disposition of assets
      held
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
          
            
            
                   for
      sale
            
            
            (349,438
            )
            
            
            
            
            175,538
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
                 (173,900
            )
          
            
            
            Non-dilutive financing
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            33,812
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            33,812
            
            
          
            
            
            RSUs and DSUs redeemed
            
            
            2,557
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (2,557
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
          
            
            
            Share
      distribution plan
            
            
            4,771
            
            
            
            
            
            
            4,383
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            9,154
            
            
          
            
            
            Balance, December 31, 2008
            
            
            952,294
            
            
            
            
            
            
            370,395
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (1,123,724
            )
            
            
            
            
            (75,877
            )
            
            
            
            
            123,088
            
            
          
            
            
            Net Loss
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (3,773
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (3,773
            )
          
            
            
            Non-dilutive financing
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (719
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (719
            )
          
            
            
            Purchase of treasury
    shares
            
            
            (207
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (207
            )
          
            
            
            RSUs and DSUs redeemed
            
            
            1,126
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (1,283
            )
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            (157
            )
          
            
            
            Options exercised
            
            
            7
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            7
            
            
          
            
            
            Share
      distribution plan
            
            
            1,721
            
            
            
            
            
            
            3,046
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            -
            
            
            
            
            
            
            4,767
            
            
          
            
            
            Balance,
      December 31, 2009
            $
            954,941
            
            
            
            
            $
            371,439
            
            
            
            
            $
            (1,127,497
            )
            
            
            $
            (75,877
            )
            
            
            $
            123,006
            
            
          
    
    23. Subsequent
events:
     
    On January 18, 2010, the Corporation
announced it had acquired a controlling interest in Denmark-based Dantherm
Power, partnering with co-investors Danfoss A/S and Dantherm A/S. In exchange
for the controlling interest, the Corporation will invest $6,000,000 in Dantherm
Power through two tranches; $3,000,000 on January 18, 2010, and $3,000,000 after
November 18, 2010.
     
    45 
     
    
    
    
    
      

            BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS
      INC.
          
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          
            Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
          
            (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per
      share amounts and number of shares)
          
               
          
    
     
    23. Subsequent events
(cont’d):

     
    On February 8, 2010, the Corporation
announced that it had entered into a sale-and-leaseback agreement with Madison
Pacific Properties Inc. The Corporation will sell its head office-building site
in return for gross cash proceeds of approximately $20,000,000 (Canadian $20.8
million). The Corporation will concurrently enter into an initial fifteen-year
capital lease agreement for the same property. This transaction closed on March
9, 2010.
     
    46 
     
    
    
    
    
      CORPORATE INFORMATION

       
      
        

              Corporate Offices
                   
              Executive Management
                   
              Board of Directors
            
               
            
              Ballard Power Systems
      Inc.
              
              
              John W. Sheridan
              
              
              Ian A. Bourne
            
              Corporate
    Headquarters
              
              
              President & Chief Executive Officer
              
              
              Corporate Director Alberta,
            
              9000 Glenlyon Parkway
              
              
              
              
              
              
              Canada
            
              Burnaby, BC Canada V5J 5J8
              
              
              Bruce Cousins
              
              
              
              
            
              T: 604.454.0900
              
              
              Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
              
              
              Edwin J. Kilroy
            
              F: 604.412.4700
              
              
              
              
              
              
              Chief Executive Officer
            
               
               
              Paul Cass
              
              
              Symcor Inc.
            
              Ballard Material Products
      Inc.
              
              
              Vice President, Operations
              
              
              Ontario, Canada
            
              Two Industrial Avenue
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
            
              Lowell, MA USA 01851-5191
              
              
              William T. Foulds
               
              Dr. C.S. Park
            
               
              
              
              President, Ballard Material Products Inc.
              
              
              Corporate Director
            
              
              
              
              
               
              
              
              California, USA
            
               
            
              Transfer Agent
              
              
              Michael Goldstein
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer
              
              
              John W.
Sheridan
            
              Computershare Trust
      Company
              
              
                
              
              
              President & Chief Executive
            
              of Canada
              
              
               
              
              
              Officer
            
              Shareholder Services Department
              
              
              Christopher J.
Guzy
              
              
              Ballard Power Systems Inc.
            
              510 Burrard Street
              
              
              Vice President & Chief Technical Officer
              
              
              British Columbia, Canada
            
              Vancouver, BC Canada V6C 3B9
              
              
               
              
              
              
              
            
              T: 1.800.564.6253
              
              
               
              
              
              David J. Smith
            
              F: 1.866.249.7775
              
              
              Independent Auditors
              
              
              Member
            
              
              
              
              
               
              
              
              British Columbia Securities
            
              
              
              
              
              KPMG LLP
              
              
              Commission
            
              Stock Listing
              
              
              Vancouver, BC Canada
              
              
              British Columbia, Canada
            
               
            
              Ballard’s common shares are listed on
              
              
               
              
              
              
              
            
              the Toronto Stock Exchange under
              
              
               
              
              
              David B.
  Sutcliffe
            
              the trading symbol BLD and on the
              
              
              Legal Counsel
              
              
              Corporate Director
            
              NASDAQ Global Market under the
              
              
               
              
              
              British Columbia, Canada
            
              trading symbol BLDP.
              
              
              Canada:
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              Stikeman Elliott,
    LLP
              
              
              Mark A. Suwyn
            
              
              
              
              
              Vancouver, BC Canada
              
              
              Chair & Chief Executive Officer
            
              
                Investor
      Relations
                 
              
              
              
               
              
              
              NewPage CorporationFlorida, USA
            
              To obtain additional information
              
              
              United States:
              
              
               
            
              please contact:
              
              
              Dorsey & Whitney
      LLP
              
              
              
              
            
              
              
              
              
              Seattle, WA USA
              
              
              Douglas W.G.
    Whitehead
            
              Ballard Power
    Systems
              
              
               
              
              
              President & Chief Executive
            
              Investor Relations
              
              
              Intellectual Property:
              
              
              Officer
            
              9000 Glenlyon Parkway
              
              
              Seed Intellectual Property Law
      Group,
              
              
              Finning International Inc.
            
              Burnaby, BC Canada V5J 5J8
              
              
              LLC
              
              
              British Columbia, Canada
            
              T: 604.412.3195
              
              
              Seattle, WA USA
              
              
              
              
            
              F: 604.412.3100
              
              
               
              
              
              
              
            
              E: investors@ballard.com
              
              
               
              
              
              
              
            
              W: www.ballard.com
              
              
               
              
              
                
            
      
      F-3 
       
      
      
      
      
       
       
       
       
       
       
      Visit us at www.ballard.com.