PROXY
STATEMENT
         
        General
         
        We are
soliciting the enclosed proxy on behalf of the board of directors of A-Power
Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. (the Company) for use at the annual general
meeting of shareholders to be held on Wednesday, October 27, 2010 at 9 a.m.,
Shenyang time, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof.  The
annual general meeting will be held at the Company’s offices located at No. 44
Jingxing North Street, 12th Floor,
Tiexi District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province, China 110021.
         
        This
proxy statement is available to shareholders beginning on October 5, 2010, and
the form of proxy is first being mailed to shareholders on or about October 5,
2010.
         
        Revocability of
Proxies
         
        Any proxy
given pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person giving it at
any time before its use by delivering a written notice of revocation or a duly
executed proxy bearing a later date or by attending the annual general meeting
and voting in person. Attendance at the annual general meeting in and of itself
does not revoke a prior proxy. A written notice of revocation must be delivered
to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co., 17 Battery Place - 8th floor, New
York, NY 10004, Att: Proxy Department.
         
        Record Date, Share Ownership and
Quorum
         
        Shareholders
of record at the close of business on September 20, 2010 are entitled to vote at
the annual general meeting.  As of September 20, 2010, 46,363,638 of the Company’s common
shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, were outstanding.  The presence
in person or by proxy of the holder or holders entitled to exercise at least 50
percent of the voting rights of the shares entitled to vote thereon will
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the annual general
meeting.
         
        Voting
         
        Each
common share outstanding on the record date is entitled to one vote. Voting by
holders of common shares at the annual general meeting will be by a show of
hands unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show
of hands) demanded by the chairman of the meeting or any shareholder present in
person or by proxy and holding not less than one tenth of the total voting
shares issued by the Company and having the right to vote at the
meeting.
         
        Voting by Holders of Common
Shares
         
        When
proxies are properly dated, executed and returned by holders of common shares,
the shares they represent will be voted at the annual general meeting in
accordance with the instructions of the shareholder. If no specific instructions
are given by such holders, the proxy will vote the shares in his or her
discretion, unless a reference to the holder of the proxy having such discretion
has been deleted and initialed in the form of proxy.  Where the
chairman, a director or officer of the Company acts as proxy and is entitled to
exercise his or her discretion, he or she is likely to vote the common shares
“FOR” all of the proposals described in this proxy statement.
         
        Under the
laws of the British Virgin Islands and our Memorandum and Articles of
Association, the holders of our common shares are referred to as “members”
rather than “shareholders.”  In this proxy statement, references that would
otherwise be to members are made to shareholders, which is a term more familiar
to investors trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, which is the exchange
on which our shares are listed.
         
        Solicitation
         
        We will
bear all expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation of
proxies.  We will, upon request, reimburse brokerage firms and other
nominee holders for their reasonable expenses incurred in forwarding the proxy
solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of our shares.  Our
officers, directors, and employees may solicit proxies by mail, personal
contact, letter, telephone, telegram, facsimile or other electronic
means.  They will not receive any additional compensation for those
activities, but they may be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket
expenses.  In addition, we have hired Morrow & Co., LLC, located
at 470 West Avenue, Stamford, CT 06902, to solicit proxies on our
behalf.  The cost of soliciting proxies on our behalf will be
approximately $12,500 plus costs and expenses. The solicitation materials are
available on the Company’s website at
http://apowerenergy.investorroom.com.
        
          
             

          
          
             

            
              
            
          
          
             

          
        
         
        Procedures
for Transacting Other Business at the Annual General Meeting
         
        For
business to be properly brought before the annual general meeting by a
shareholder in accordance with our Memorandum and Articles of Association, a
shareholder must give timely notice in writing by mail to A-Power Energy
Generation Systems, Ltd., No. 44 Jingxing North Street, Tiexi District,
Shenyang, Liaoning, China 110021, Attention: John S. Lin, Chief Operating
Officer and Director. To be timely, notice by a shareholder must be received no
later than the earlier of  the close of business on the tenth day
following the day (i) on which this notice of the date of the annual general
meeting was mailed, or (ii) prior public disclosure was made. Accordingly, for
our 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we should receive such notice by
October 15, 2010.
         
        Such
notice must set forth, (a) as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring
before the annual general meeting, (i) a brief description of the business
desired to be brought before the annual general meeting and the reasons for
conducting such business at the annual general meeting, and (ii) any material
interest of the shareholder in such business, and, (b) as to the shareholder
giving the notice, (i) the name and record address of the shareholder and (ii)
the class, series and number of shares of the Company which are beneficially
owned by the shareholder.
         
        
          
             

          
          
            2
            
              
            
          
          
             

          
        
        PROPOSAL
1
        ISSUANCE
OF ANY COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE
        WARRANTS
IN ACCORDANCE WITH NASDAQ MARKETPLACE RULE 5635(D)
        
        On
January 21, 2010, the Company issued 5,777,932 common shares of the Company (the
Shares) to certain institutional investors at a price of $14.37 per share, and
warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,888,966 common shares of the Company (the
Warrants). 2,099,822 of the Warrants are exercisable at $16.90 per share and the
remainder are exercisable at $16.91 per share. The Warrants are initially
exercisable six months after January 21, 2010, and will remain exercisable for a
five-year period thereafter. We refer to the transaction in which we issued the
Shares and the Warrants as the “Transaction” herein. In connection with the
Transaction, we also entered into a voting agreement with Mr. Jinxiang Lu, our
Chief Executive Officer, and John S. Lin, our Chief Operating Officer, pursuant
to which such shareholders have agreed to vote to approve this Proposal 1. The
summary of terms of the Transaction contained in this proxy statement is general
in nature and is qualified by reference to the actual Transaction documents
which are attached as exhibits to our Current Report on Form 6-K furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2010, and which are
incorporated by reference herein.  Shareholders desiring a more
complete understanding of the terms of the Transaction are urged to refer to
those exhibits.
        
        The
Warrants are subject to adjustment for certain dilutive issuances of securities
by the Company for a period of three years. Pursuant to Nasdaq Marketplace Rule
5635(d), the Company must obtain shareholder approval for the sale, issuance or
potential issuance by the Company of common shares (or securities convertible
into or exercisable into common shares) equal to 20% or more of the common
shares or 20% or more of the voting power outstanding before the issuance for
less than the greater of book or market value of the shares (the “20%
Rule”).  The Nasdaq staff has taken the position that the 20% Rule is
applicable to the Transaction because a future issuance of common shares by the
Company triggering the anti-dilution adjustments in the Warrants could result in
the exercise price of the Warrants falling below the market trading price of the
Company’s common shares in effect at the time that the Warrants were
issued.  No such dilutive offering is currently contemplated by the
Company.
         
        The
affirmative vote of the majority of the shares present in person or represented
by proxy and voting at the annual general meeting will be required to approve
this proposal.
         
        THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL 1,
        ISSUANCE
OF ANY COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE
        WARRANTS
IN ACCORDANCE WITH NASDAQ MARKETPLACE RULE 5635(D).
        
          
             

          
          
            3
            
              
            
          
          
             

          
        
         
        SHAREHOLDER
COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
         
        The
following procedures have been established by the Company’s board of directors
in order to facilitate communications between the Company’s shareholders and the
Company’s board of directors:
         
        
          
              
                
                  1.
                
                 
      
                
                  Shareholders
      may send correspondence, which should indicate that the sender is a
      shareholder, to the Company’s board of directors or to any individual
      director by mail to A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd., No. 44
      Jingxing North Street, Tiexi District, Shenyang, Liaoning, China 110021,
      Attention: John S. Lin, Chief Operating Officer and
    Director.
                
              
              
                 
      
              
              
                
                  2.
                
                 
      
                
                  The
      Company’s Chief Operating Officer will be responsible for the initial
      review and logging of this correspondence and will forward the
      communication to the director or directors to whom it is addressed unless
      it is a type of correspondence which the Company’s board of directors has
      identified as correspondence which may be retained in the Company’s files
      and not sent to directors.
                
              
              
                 
      
              
              
                
                   3.
                
                 
      
                
                  The
      Company’s board of directors has authorized the Chief Operating Officer to
      retain and not send to directors communications that: (a) are advertising
      or promotional in nature (offering goods or services), (b) solely relate
      to complaints by clients with respect to ordinary course of business
      customer service and satisfaction issues or (c) clearly are unrelated to
      the Company’s business, industry, management or board or committee
      matters. These types of communications will be logged and filed but not
      circulated to directors. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
      the Chief Operating Officer will not screen communications sent to
      directors.
                
              
              
                 
      
              
              
                
                  4.
                
                 
      
                
                  The
      log of shareholder correspondence will be available to members of the
      Company’s board of directors for inspection. At least once each year, the
      Chief Operating Officer will provide to the Company’s board of directors a
      summary of the communications received from shareholders, including the
      communications not sent to directors in accordance with screening
      procedures approved by the Company’s board of
  directors.
                
              
          
        
         
        ACCESS
TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES
         
        We
adopted a Code of Conduct and Policy Regarding Reporting of Possible Violations
which is available at our website at:
http://www.apowerenergy.com/EN/Info/a.html.  Copies of the Company’s
Code of Conduct and Policy Regarding Reporting of Possible Violations will be
provided to any shareholder upon written request to the Chief Operating Officer
of A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd., No. 44 Jingxing North Street, Tiexi
District, Shenyang, Liaoning, China 110021.
        
        ANNUAL
REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
         
        In
accordance with Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5250(d)(1), we make the Company’s
annual report to shareholders available on the Company’s website. The Company’s
annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2009 has been filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. You may obtain a copy of the
Company’s 2009 annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2009
by visiting the Company’s website at
http://apowerenergy.investorroom.com/index.php?s=127. If you want to receive a
paper or email copy of the Company’s 2009 annual report on Form 20-F for the
year ended December 31, 2009, you must request one. There is no charge to you
for requesting a copy. Please make any such requests to the Chief Operating
Officer of A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd., No. 44 Jingxing North
Street, Tiexi District, Shenyang, Liaoning, China 110021.
        
          
             

          
          
            4
            
              
            
          
          
             

          
        
        OTHER
MATTERS
         
        We know
of no other matters to be submitted to the annual general meeting.  If
any other matters properly come before the annual general meeting, it is the
intention of the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy to vote the shares
they represent as the board of directors may recommend, to the extent permitted
by law.
         
        
          
            
                
                   
      
                  
                    By
      Order of the Board of Directors,
                  
                   
      
                
                
                   
      
                   
      
                   
      
                
                
                   
      
                   
      
                   
      
                
                
                   
      
                  
                    /s/ Jinxiang Lu
                  
                   
      
                
                
                  
                    Date:  October
      5, 2010
                  
                  
                    Chairman
      of the Board of Directors and
                    Chief
      Executive Officer
                  
                   
      
                
            
          
        
         
      
    
    
      
         

      
      
        5