Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems

Plug Power


News Release


For immediate release


PLUG POWER AND BALLARD EXTEND SUPPLY AGREEMENT THROUGH 2014

Mutually exclusive agreement targets North American forklift truck market


LATHAM, NY and VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA – July 15, 2010 – Plug Power Inc. (NASDAQ: PLUG), a
leader in providing clean, reliable energy solutions, and Ballard Power Systems Inc. (TSX: BLD;
NASDAQ: BLDP) announced today that the two companies have extended their existing supply agreement,
effective immediately, through 2014. Ballard will remain the exclusive supplier of fuel cell stacks
for Plug Power’s full suite of GenDrive™ power units. In addition, Plug Power will become the
exclusive systems integrator for Ballard’s fuel cell stack into solutions addressing the material
handling market in North America. The previous agreement was due to expire December 31, 2010.


With over 85% market share in the material handling space, this agreement will allow Plug Power and
Ballard continued leadership as the pre-eminent providers of fuel cell energy products in this
industry. This agreement will also help solidify the two company’s joint corporate commitment to
revolutionize the material handling market with highly productive, clean energy technology.


Ballard has been the exclusive fuel cell stack supplier for Plug Power’s GenDrive product line
since 2008. GenDrive is a superior power alternative to lead-acid batteries in electric material
handling vehicles. Using GenDrive, customers in grocery, retail, warehousing and manufacturing
facilities can increase productivity, lower operational costs and decrease greenhouse gas emissions
within their operations.


Understanding the value provided by GenDrive, leading material handling organizations have
implemented this sustainable power solution in their operations. These customers include Walmart
Canada, United Natural Foods, Inc., Sysco Houston, FedEx Freight, Wegmans, and Whole Foods.


“Ballard and Plug Power’s technology has been integrated, tested and improved over the lifetime of
the GenDrive product to become the world’s most reliable fuel cell power solution for the material
handling industry,” said Andy Marsh, CEO at Plug Power. “This mutual exclusivity positions Ballard
and Plug Power as the industry leaders committed to driving commercial activity and growth.”


John Sheridan, Ballard’s President and CEO, added “We are pleased to extend this supply agreement
with Plug Power for Ballard’s FCvelocity® fuel cell stacks. Our partnership will enable penetration
and growth of fuel cell solutions in the North American material handling market, by delivering
meaningful productivity gains and a strong value proposition to customers.”


About Plug Power Inc.

The architects of modern fuel cell technology, Plug Power revolutionized the industry with
cost-effective power solutions that increase productivity, lower operating costs and reduce carbon
footprints.  Long-standing relationships with industry leaders forged the path for our key
accounts, including Walmart, Sysco, Wegmans, Whole Foods, and FedEx Freight.  With more than 1,000
units in the field and over 1.5 million hours of runtime, Plug Power manufactures tomorrow’s
incumbent power solutions today. Visit us at www.plugpower.com.


Plug Power Inc. Safe Harbor Statement

This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We believe that it is important to communicate our future
expectations to our investors. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to
accurately predict or control and that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the
expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements, including, without limitation,
statements regarding the risk that unit orders will not ship, be installed and/or convert to
revenue, in whole or in part; the cost and timing of developing our products and our ability to
raise the necessary capital to fund such development costs; we may be unable to achieve the
forecasted gross margin on the sale of our products; our actual net cash used for operating
expenses may exceed the projected net cash for operating expenses; the cost and availability of
fuel and fueling infrastructures for our products; market acceptance of our GenDrive and GenSys
systems; our ability to establish and maintain relationships with third parties with respect to
product development, manufacturing, distribution and servicing and the supply of key product
components; the cost and availability of components and parts for our products; our ability to
develop commercially viable products; our ability to reduce product and manufacturing costs; our
ability to successfully expand our product lines; our ability to improve system reliability for
both GenDrive and GenSys; competitive factors, such as price competition and competition from other
traditional and alternative energy companies; our ability to manufacture products on a large-scale
commercial basis; our ability to protect our intellectual property; the cost of complying with
current and future governmental regulations; the impact of deregulation and restructuring of the
electric utility industry on demand for Plug Power’s energy products; and other risks and
uncertainties discussed under “Item IA-Risk Factors” in our annual report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on
March 16, 2010, and the reports we file from time to time with the SEC. We do not intend to and
undertake no duty to update the information contained in this communication.


About Ballard Power Systems Inc.

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) provides clean energy fuel cell products enabling
optimized power systems for a range of applications. To learn more about Ballard, please visit
www.ballard.com.


Ballard Power Systems Inc. Safe Harbor Statement

This release contains forward-looking statements, which are provided to enable external
stakeholders to understand Ballard’s expectations as at the date of this release and may not be
appropriate for other purposes. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and
assumptions of Ballard’s management and reflect Ballard’s current expectations as contemplated
under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such assumptions relate to Ballard’s financial forecasts and
expectations regarding its product development efforts, manufacturing capacity, and market demand,
and include matters such as generating new sales, producing, delivering and selling the expected
number of units, and controlling its costs. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that
may cause Ballard’s actual results to be materially different, including, without limitation, the
condition of the global economy, the rate of mass adoption of its products, product development
delays, changing environmental regulations, its ability to attract and retain business partners
and customers, its access to funding, increased competition, its ability to protect its
intellectual property, changes in its customers’ requirements, foreign exchange impacts on its net
monetary assets and its ability to provide the capital required for product development,
operations and marketing. For a detailed discussion of these risk factors and other risk factors
that could affect Ballard’s future performance, please refer to Ballard’s most recent Annual
Information Form. Readers should not place undue reliance on Ballard’s forward-looking statements
and Ballard assumes no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward looking
statements, other than as required under applicable legislation.





     
     
     


    ###
     
     





    Plug Power Media Contact:

     
    Plug Power Investor Relations Contact:


    Reid Hislop
Phone: (518) 782-7700 ext. 1360

     
    Cathy Yudzevich
Phone: (518) 782-7700 ext. 1448


    Ballard Media Contact:

     
    Ballard Investor Relations Contact:


    Guy McAree
Phone: +1.604.412.7919
media@ballard.com

     
    Lori Rozali
Phone: +1.604.412.3195
investors@ballard.com






-30-