Filed by sedaredgar.com - Alexco Resource Corporation - Form 6-K







 
News Release
Alexco Closes C$25.7 Million Equity Financing
February 11, 2010 Vancouver, British Columbia -- Alexco
Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR, NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is
pleased to announce that it has closed the C$25.7 million equity financing
previously announced on January 20, 2010 under which Alexco sold 7,350,000
common shares of the Company (the “Common Shares”) at a price of C$3.50 per
Common Share for gross proceeds of C$25,725,000 (the "Offering"). The Offering
was co-lead by Canaccord Financial Ltd. and Cormark Securities Inc. (the
"Underwriters"). The Underwriters received a cash fee equal to 7% of the gross
proceeds of the Offering. 
The Underwriters have also been granted an over-allotment
option to purchase up to that number of additional Common Shares equal to 15% of
the Common Shares sold pursuant to the Offering, exercisable at any time up to
30 days from the closing of the Offering. 
The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering for
the continued development of the Bellekeno mine, including construction backstop
finance to mitigate capital cost overrun risk and for the mine's initial working
capital finance, and to further explore and develop the Company’s other
properties located in the Keno Hill silver district in Canada’s Yukon Territory.

A short form prospectus relating to the securities has been
filed with Canadian securities authorities, and a registration statement
containing, in part, the short form prospectus has been filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission and has become effective. This news
release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy nor shall there be any sale of the Common Shares in any jurisdiction in
which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction. 
A copy of the short form prospectus relating to the Common
Shares as filed in Canada and as filed in the registration statement in the
United States may be obtained upon request by contacting: Canaccord Financial
Ltd., 3000 – 161 Bay Street, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5J 2S1 (tel: 416-869-7368),
or Cormark Securities Inc., 2800 – 200 Bay Street, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5J 2J2
(tel: 416-362-7485). 
About Alexco
Alexco's business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company's core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities.
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com.
Some statements in this news release contain
forward-looking information concerning the Company’s anticipated results and
developments in the Company’s operations in future periods, planned exploration
and development of its properties, plans related to its business and other
matters that may occur in the future, made as of the date of this press release.
Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with
respect to the intended use of proceeds from the offering, the over-allotment
option, future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral
exploration, the estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the
realization of mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of
activities and the amount of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of
exploration activities, permitting time lines, requirements for additional
capital and sources and uses of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to
a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which
could cause actual events or results to differ from those expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, risks
related to actual results of exploration activities; actual results of
remediation and reclamation activities; conclusions of economic evaluations;
changes in project parameters as plans continue to be refined; future prices of
gold, silver and other commodities; possible variations in ore reserves, grade
or recovery rates; failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as
anticipated; accidents, labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry;
and delays in obtaining governmental approvals or financing or in the completion
of development activities. 


  
    Head Office 
    T. 604 633 4888 
  
  
     
     
  
  
    Alexco Resource Corp. 
    F. 604 633 4887
  
  
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150
    
      
  
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4 Canada