Exhibit 99.1



Exhibit 99.1


  ALBERTA STAR DEVELOPMENT CORP.
    Suite 506 - 675 West Hastings Street · Vancouver · British Columbia · V6B 1N2
    Telephone: (604) 681-3131 Facsimile: (604) 408-3884
  NEWS RELEASE
  
    
      
        
        
      
      
        November 19, 2010 
        TSX-V Trading Symbol: ASX 
      
      
         
        OTC BB Trading Symbol: ASXSF 
      
      
         
        FRANKFURT Trading Symbol: QLD 
      
    
  
  
  
    
      
        
      
      
         
      
      
        ALBERTA STAR ANNOUNCES THE COMPLETION AND PRODUCTION OF FIVE STANDING CASED HEAVY OIL WELLS AND ACQUIRES ADDITIONAL ALBERTA LANDS AT CROWN SALE
      
      
      
                
      
      
        
      
    
  
  
  CALGARY, ALBERTA - Alberta Star Development Corp. (TSXV: ASX) (“Alberta Star” or the “Company”) announces that all five (5) standing cased wells located on the Lloydminster (Alberta) area heavy oil assets that were acquired by the Company in August 2010, are completed and producing, with production from the first (3) of the wells having stabilized in aggregate, at approximately 75 bbls/d (25 bbls/d net to the Company) from the Sparky formation. Continuous production from two (2) of the completed wells is expected to commence over the next few days, pending completion of clean-out and subsequent flow testing activities. The Company will provide a further production update on these five (5) completed producing wells once the clean-out testing activities have been completed and oil production has been stabilized. Alberta Star holds a 33 1/3% working interest in these assets.
  The Company was successful at the recent Alberta Crown Land Auction together with its industry partner, acquiring a 100% interest in petroleum and natural gas rights on 120 gross acres of land located in the Lloydminster area of Alberta. The Company and its industry partner acquired the new Alberta property on a 50/50 basis, paying an aggregate cash consideration of $192,000 ($96,000 net purchase price to the Company), inclusive of administrative fees and acceptable taxes.
  ALBERTA STAR DEVELOPMENT CORP.
  The Company is a Canadian resource exploration and development company that identifies, acquires and finances oil and natural gas assets in Western Canada and advanced stage mineral exploration projects in North America. The Company has recently made two strategic heavy oil & gas acquisitions in Lloydminster, Alberta and Saskatchewan which has expanded its diversification into the oil and natural gas resource sector with the acquisition of revenue producing resource assets which compliments its existing, advanced stage mining interests. The Company is an Alberta based, junior heavy oil producer that has a growing production base, and is maximizing future production through its exploration drilling activities, production acquisitions and strategic asset acquisition both domestically and in the international arena. The recent, strategic property acquisitions combined with a growing production portfolio has further strengthened the Company’s relationship, with an experi
enced working interest partner and heavy oil industry leader. This strategic partnership will allow for rapid future expansion into the oil and natural gas resource sector through exploration drilling, existing asset development and production asset acquisition. The Company’s strong balance sheet is expected to fuel the Company’s coming production growth plans in the oil and gas sector.






  2
  The Company maintains a strong balance sheet and has a seasoned, qualified management team in field exploration, exploration drilling ready for the development the Company’s oil and gas and natural resource properties. The Company is committed to creating long term shareholder value through the acquisition, exploration and development of its petroleum and natural gas resources and through the discovery of base and precious metals resource projects. The Company continues to review and seek to acquire additional oil & gas exploration products, acquire additional oil and gas production and to further develop additional base and precious metal resource projects.
  INVESTOR RELATIONS
  Investors are welcomed to contact Benjamin Curry of Progressive I.R. Consultants Corp. at (604) 689-2881, the Company’s Investor Relations specialists for all corporate updates, and investor inquiries.
  FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT:
  Tim Coupland, President and CEO 
    Alberta Star Development Corp.
    Tel (604) 681-3131        Fax (604) 408-3884 
    www.alberta-star.com
  Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as the term is defined in the Policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
  The calculation of barrels of oil equivalent (“boe”) are based on a conversion rate of six thousand cubic feet (“mcf”) of natural gas to one barrel of crude oil. Boe’s may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. A boe conversion ratio of 6 mcf:1 bbl is base on energy conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent a value equivalency at the wellhead.
  Reader Advisory
  Certain information in this Press Release is forward-looking within the meaning of certain securities legislation, and is subject to important risks, uncertainties and assumptions. This forward-looking information includes, among other things, information with respect to Alberta Star’s beliefs, plans, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions, including the licensing, completion and success of future drilling and development activities, the performance of existing wells, the performance of new wells, general economic conditions, availability of required equipment and services and prevailing commodity prices. The words "may", "could", "should", "would", "suspect", "outlook", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "plan", "target" and similar words and expressions are used to identify forward-looking information. The forward-looking information in this Press Release describes Alberta Star’s expectations as of the date of this Press Releas
e.
  Material factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from such forward-looking information include, among others, risks arising from general economic conditions and adverse industry events, risks arising from operations generally, changes in plans with respect to exploration or development projects or capital expenditures; the uncertainty of reserve estimates; the uncertainty of estimates and projections relating to production, costs and expenses, and health, safety and environmental risks, commodity price and exchange rate fluctuations; reliance on contractual rights such as licenses and leases in the conduct of its business, reliance on third parties, reliance on key personnel, possible failure of the business model or business plan or the inability to implement the business model or business plan as planned, competition, environmental matters, and insurance or lack thereof.






  3
  Alberta Star cautions that the foregoing list of material factors is not exhaustive, is subject to change and there can be no assurance that such assumptions will reflect the actual outcome of such items or factors. When relying on Alberta Star’s forward-looking information to make decisions, investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and potential events. It has also assumed that the material factors referred to in the previous paragraph will not cause such forward-looking information to differ materially from actual results or events. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements or information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless so required by applicable securities laws.