Filed by sedaredgar.com - Alexco Resource Corporation - Form 6-K




 
News Release 
Alexco Announces Terms of Equity Financing 
January 20, 2010 Vancouver, British Columbia -- Alexco
Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR, NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is
pleased to announce that in connection with its overnight marketed public
offering previously announced on January 19, 2010 (the "Offering"), it has
entered into an underwriting agreement with Canaccord Financial Ltd. and Cormark
Securities Inc. (the “Underwriters”) to sell 7,350,000 common shares in the
Company ("Common Shares") at a price of C$3.50 per Common Share to raise gross
proceeds of C$25,725,000 pursuant to a short form prospectus under the
multi-jurisdictional disclosure system. In addition, the Company has granted the
Underwriters an over-allotment option to purchase up to that number of
additional Common Shares equal to 15% of the Common Shares sold pursuant to the
Offering, exercisable at any time up to 30 days from the closing of the
Offering. 
The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering at
the Bellekeno mine which it's currently developing, for construction backstop
finance to mitigate capital cost overrun risk and for the mine's initial working
capital finance, and to further explore and develop the Company’s other
properties located in the Keno Hill silver district in Canada’s Yukon Territory.

The closing of the Offering is expected to occur on or about
February 15, 2010 and is subject to certain conditions including, but not
limited to, the receipt of all necessary approvals including the approval of the
Toronto Stock Exchange and NYSE-AMEX, and the securities regulatory authorities.

A short form prospectus relating to the securities has been
filed with Canadian securities authorities, and a registration statement
containing, in part, the short form prospectus has been filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective.
These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the
time the registration statement becomes effective. 
A copy of the short form prospectus relating to the Common
Shares as filed in Canada and as filed in the registration statement in the
United States may be obtained upon request by contacting: Canaccord Financial
Ltd., 3000 - 161 Bay Street, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5J 2S1 (tel: 416-869-7368),
or Cormark Securities Inc., 2800 – 200 Bay Street, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5J 2J2
(tel: 416-362-7485). 
About Alexco 
Alexco's business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company's core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities.
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com.
Some statements in this news release contain
forward-looking information concerning the Corporation's anticipated results and
developments in the Corporation’s operations in future periods, planned
exploration and development of its properties, plans related to its business and
other matters that may occur in the future, made as of the date of this press
release. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to,
statements with respect to the anticipated closing of the offering, the intended
use of proceeds from the offering, future remediation and reclamation
activities, future mineral exploration, the estimation of mineral reserves and
mineral resources, the realization of mineral reserve and mineral resource
estimates, the timing of activities and the amount of estimated revenues and
expenses, the success of exploration activities, permitting time lines,
requirements for additional capital and sources and uses of funds.
Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events or results to
differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such
factors include, among others, risks related to the offering not closing,
including risks in obtaining regulatory approval and market risks; risks related
to actual results of exploration activities; actual results of remediation and
reclamation activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project
parameters as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and
other commodities; possible variations in ore reserves, grade or recovery rates;
failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents,
labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining
governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development
activities. 


  
    
    Head Office 
    
    T. 604 633 4888
      
  
    
       
    
       
  
    Alexco Resource Corp.  
    F. 604 633 4887  
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150  
       
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4 Canada