Exhibit  EX-99.1








Ballard Power Systems


News Release


Ballard Fuel Cells To Support London Climate Change Target of Significant CO2 Reduction


For Immediate Release – December 6, 2010


VANCOUVER, CANADA– Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) announced that it has secured an
order for three FCvelocity® fuel cell modules to power zero-emission hydrogen hybrid fuel cell
buses in London, U.K., where the city’s publicly stated goal is to reduce CO2 emissions 60% from
the 1990 level, by 2025.


Transport for London (TfL), the local transit authority, is supporting this climate improvement
goal through promotion of sustainable travel, operating vehicles more efficiently as well as using
improved vehicle and fuel types.


“There are more than seventy thousand buses operating in Europe today and this announcement is a
sign of the growing trend toward clean energy technology,” said Michael Goldstein, Ballard’s Chief
Commercial Officer. “We are pleased to further extend our long-term relationship with Transport for
London and enable the reduction of CO2 emissions in that city.”


For the London deployment, Ballard is providing modules to a consortium that includes transit bus
supplier Wrightbus, bus operator First Group, as well as Transport for London. Three additional
zero-emission buses will join five existing buses, also powered by Ballard’s FCvelocity® fuel cell
modules and scheduled for deployment in revenue service in TfL’s fleet by the end of 2010.


All eight buses will be deployed by the end of 2011, enabling TfL to operate its central Covent
Garden-Tower Gateway route entirely by means of hydrogen hybrid fuel cell buses. These buses will
be served by a new central hydrogen refueling station, with fuel provided by Air Products.


Project funding is being provided as part of the European Union’s Cleaner Hydrogen in Cities (CHIC)
project.


About Ballard Power Systems

Ballard Power Systems (TSX: BLD; NASDAQ: BLDP) provides clean energy fuel cell products enabling
optimized power systems for a range of applications. To learn more about Ballard, please visit
www.ballard.com.





     
     
     





    Further Information
Investor Relations: Lori Rozali
Work: +1.604.412.3195
investors@ballard.com

     
    
Public Relations:Guy McAree
Work: +1.604.412.7919
Mobile: +1.604.723.1961
media@ballard.com