Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.4 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com
   






Form 52-109F2 Certification of interim filings - full
certificate 
I, David Whittle, Chief Financial Officer of Alexco Resource
Corp., certify the following: 


  
    1. 
    
      Review: I have reviewed the interim
      financial statements and interim MD&A (together, the “interim
      filings”) of Alexco Resource Corp. (the “issuer”) for the interim period
      ended September 30, 2010.
  
     
     
     
     
  
    2. 
    
      No misrepresentations: Based on my
      knowledge, having exercised reasonable diligence, the interim filings do
      not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
      material fact required to be stated or that is necessary to make a
      statement not misleading in light of the circumstances under which it was
      made, with respect to the period covered by the interim filings.
  
     
     
     
     
  
    3. 
    
      Fair presentation: Based on my knowledge,
      having exercised reasonable diligence, the interim financial statements
      together with the other financial information included in the interim
      filings fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
      results of operations and cash flows of the issuer, as of the date of and
      for the periods presented in the interim filings.
  
     
     
     
     
  
    4. 
    
      Responsibility: The issuer’s other
      certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
      maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (DC&P) and internal
      control over financial reporting (ICFR), as those terms are defined in
      National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’
      Annual and Interim Filings, for the issuer.
  
     
     
     
     
  
    5. 
    
      Design: Subject to the limitations, if any,
      described in paragraphs 5.2 and 5.3, the issuer’s other certifying
      officer(s) and I have, as at the end of the period covered by the interim
      filings
  
     
     
     
     
  
    
    (a) 
    
      designed DC&P, or caused it to be designed under our
      supervision, to provide reasonable assurance that
  
     
     
     
     
  
    
    
    (i) 
    
      material information relating to the issuer is made known
      to us by others, particularly during the period in which the interim
      filings are being prepared; and
  
     
     
     
     
  
    
    
    (ii) 
    
      information required to be disclosed by the issuer in its
      annual filings, interim filings or other reports filed or submitted by it
      under securities legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and
      reported within the time periods specified in securities legislation;
      and
  
     
     
     
     
  
    
    (b) 
    
      designed ICFR, or caused it to be designed under our
      supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
      financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
      external purposes in accordance with the issuer’s GAAP.
  
     
     
     
     
  
    5.1 
    
      Control framework: The control framework
      the issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I used to design the issuer’s
      ICFR is the Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the
      Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
      (COSO).
  
     
     
     
     
  
    5.2 
    
      ICFR – material weakness relating to design:
      N/A
  
     
     
     
     
  
    5.3 
    
      Limitation on scope of design:
N/A
  
     
     
     
     
  
    6. 
    
      Reporting changes in ICFR: The issuer has
      disclosed in its interim MD&A any change in the issuer’s ICFR that
      occurred during the period beginning on July 1, 2010 and ended on
      September 30, 2010 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
      to materially affect, the issuer’s ICFR.
Date: November 12, 2010 
“David Whittle” _______________________ David
Whittle Chief Financial Officer