acl6k0714idcmeetingprex991.htm





    
       
       
      
        
          Exhibit
99.1
          
        
      
    
    
     
    
    Alcon
Independent Director Committee Announces Meeting with Minority
Shareholders
     
    
    HUENENBERG, Switzerland – July 14, 2010
– The Alcon Independent Director Committee (the “IDC”) announced that it
is holding a meeting for Alcon’s minority shareholders at 8:00 AM EDT today,
July 14, 2010, at the Grand Hyatt New York.
    
    The
meeting will include a presentation by Tom Plaskett, Chairman of the IDC. The
presentation will be followed by Q&A with the members of the IDC and their
financial and legal advisors. Today’s presentation materials will be available
on the IDC’s website at: www.transactioninfo.com/alcon.
    
    Greenhill
& Co., Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and Pestalozzi, Zurich, are continuing to
act as financial and legal advisors to the IDC.
    
    Media
Inquiries:
    Steve
Lipin/Stan Neve
    Brunswick
Group (212) 333-3810
    
    Investor
Inquiries:
    Bob
Marese/Larry Dennedy
    Mackenzie
Partners 800-322-2885
    
    About
Alcon
    Alcon,
Inc. is the world’s leading eye care company, with sales of approximately $6.5
billion in 2009. Alcon, which has been dedicated to the ophthalmic industry for
65 years, researches, develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceuticals,
surgical equipment and devices, contacts lens solutions and other vision care
products that treat diseases, disorders and other conditions of the eye. Alcon
operates in 75 countries and sells products in 180 markets. For more information
on Alcon, Inc., visit the Company’s website at www.alcon.com.
    
    # #
#
    
    Caution Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. This press release may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Any forward-looking statements reflect the views of the IDC as of the
date of this press release with respect to future events and are based on
assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties,
you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. There
can be no guarantee that Novartis or Alcon will achieve any particular future
financial results or future growth rates or that Novartis or Alcon will be able
to realize any potential synergies, strategic benefits or opportunities as a
result of the consummation of the Novartis purchase or the proposed merger.
Also, there can be no guarantee that the IDC will obtain any particular result.
Except to the extent required under the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these
forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new information or future events
or circumstances or otherwise.