Alexco Resource Corp.: Exhibit 99.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com








 
 
 
 
News Release 
ALEXCO COMPLETES CONSTRUCTION AT BELLEKENO MINE ON SCHEDULE –
INITIATES MILL COMMISSIONING 
September 29, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is pleased to report the
completion of mine and mill construction, and the initiation of mill
commissioning, at its wholly owned Bellekeno project, located within the Keno
Hill Silver District in Canada's Yukon Territory. Construction of the 400 tonne
per day conventional flotation concentrator and preproduction development of the
Bellekeno underground mine has been completed on schedule and within 3% of
budget. 
Mill commissioning has commenced with component electrical
testing and will expand to wet testing, pressure testing and introduction of low
grade mill feed over the next week to ten days. This will be followed by
scale-up and metallurgical optimization over the next four to five weeks to
achieve the planned 250 tonne per day production rate. Underground mine
development has been completed ahead of schedule, with increased productivities
and design improvements resulting in 60% more stope faces initially being
available for production than planned; design improvements have also resulted in
an approximate 50% decrease in future sustaining development required to execute
the existing mine plan. Approximately 3,000 tonnes of ore grade material is
stockpiled and ready for processing. 
Ancillary facilities are complete, including the installation
of a new bridge and haul road, assay laboratory, offices, change facilities and
camp accommodations upgrades. As previously disclosed in the news release dated
August 23, 2010 and entitled “Alexco Issued Type A Water Use Licence, Sets Plans
to Commence Silver Production at Keno Hill”, all permits and licences are also
in place to enable commencement of commercial production. 
Underground and surface exploration continues at the Bellekeno
deposit, and is expected to extend into the first quarter of calendar 2011 with
at least 2,000 meters of an expanded drilling program yet to be completed.
Exploration drilling at the adjacent Onek zinc-silver deposit is substantially
complete, and results are pending. New resource calculations for the Bellekeno
and Onek deposits are scheduled to be completed in the second quarter of
calendar 2011. 
Bellekeno Mine 
The Bellekeno mine will operate initially at 250 tonnes per day
supplying feed to a conventional flotation mill, producing up to 12,000 tonnes
of lead-silver concentrate and 8,400 tonnes of zinc concentrate annually and
generating up to 2.8 million ounces of silver per year. Initial silver grades in
calendar 2010 and 2011 are expected to be approximately 1,000 grams per tonne.
The mine and mill operations will employ approximately 120 people and are
expected to directly invest more than $25 million annually for labour, materials
and supplies in the Yukon. 
As disclosed in the news release of November 11, 2009 entitled
“Alexco Completes Positive Bellekeno Mine Development Plan, Silver Wheaton
Concurs – Initiation of Construction Approved”, the Bellekeno deposit contains
an indicated resource estimated at 401,000 tonnes grading 921 grams per tonne
silver, 9.4% lead and 6.5% zinc, of which 321,941 tonnes containing an estimated
871 grams per tonne silver, 9.5% lead and 5.6% zinc on a payable metals basis
are included in the initial mine plan. The deposit remains open down dip and
down plunge, and underground definition and exploration drilling to expand the
mineable resource is currently underway in parallel with mine development
activities. 



  
    
    Head Office 
    
    
    T.
      604 633 4888  
  
    Alexco Resource Corp.  
    F. 604 633 4887  
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150  
     
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4  
     
  
    Canada  
     




 
 
 
 
Silver Wheaton Agreement 
In October 2008, Alexco entered into an agreement under which
Silver Wheaton Corp. (NYSE, TSX:SLW) will purchase 25% of future Keno Hill
District silver production at a cost of US$3.90 per ounce of silver delivered,
plus up-front deposit payments to Alexco totaling US$50 million. An initial
US$15 million deposit payment was received from Silver Wheaton in December 2008,
with the remaining US$35 million to be provided for the construction and
development of the Bellekeno Mine on a monthly draw-down basis subject to
certain conditions including Alexco having sufficient committed funds available
to complete construction and achieve production within specified time frames. To
date, US$18.3 million of the remaining funds has been received from Silver
Wheaton, with the balance to be received under periodic draws between now and
the satisfaction of an initial 250 tonne per day completion test, in the normal
course as provided under the agreement. 
Qualified Person 
The scientific and technical information about the Bellekeno
Mine project contained in this news release has been reviewed and verified by
Stan Dodd, Vice President, Exploration for Alexco and a Qualified Person as
defined by National Instrument 43-101. 
Keno Hill Silver District History 
Between 1921 and 1988, the Keno Hill Silver District produced
more than 217 million ounces of silver with average grades of 40.5 ounces per
ton silver, 5.6% lead and 3.1% zinc (Yukon Government's Minfile database). The
historical production grades would rank Keno Hill in the top 3% by grade of
today's global silver producers. The Keno Hill district is the second-largest
historical silver producer in Canada. 
About Alexco 
Alexco’s business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company’s core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com or visit the Company’s website at
www.alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain forward-looking
information concerning the Company’s anticipated results and developments in the
Company’s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of
its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur
in the future, made as of the date of this press release. Forward-looking
statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to
future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral exploration, the
estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the realization of mineral
reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of activities and the amount
of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of exploration activities,
permitting time lines, requirements for additional capital and sources and uses
of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events
or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, among others, risks related to actual results
of remediation and reclamation activities; actual results of exploration
activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters
as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and other
commodities; possible variations in ore bodies, grade or recovery rates; failure
of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour
disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining
governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development
activities. 
Page 2 of 2