Alexco Resource Corp. - Filed by newsfilecorp.com





  
    

    
    Exhibit 99.1
  

  

News Release
 
 Alexco Awards Mining Services Contract  
March 8, 2010 -- Alexco Resource Corp. (TSX:AXR,
NYSE-AMEX:AXU) (“Alexco” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that it
has awarded the Mining Services Contract for development and production mining
of the Bellekeno silver-lead-zinc deposit to the NNDDC/Procon Joint Venture, a
joint venture between Procon Mining and Tunnelling Ltd. and the Nacho Nyak Dun
Development Corp. The Bellekeno Mine is located in the Keno Hill silver district
of Canada’s Yukon Territory, within the traditional territory of the First
Nation of Na-Cho Nyak Dun. 
The award of this major contract represents a significant step
in the Company’s development of the Bellekeno Mine. Pre-production development
activity under the mining contract includes approximately 600 meters of primary
ramp development, which includes ore access, 32 meters of raise development and
400 meters of rehabilitation in historical workings, as well as installation of
necessary electrical, ventilation and compressed air services. This work will be
completed over the course of the next five months, in preparation for the
commencement of ore production in the third quarter of calendar 2010. 
Some key points of the mining services contract include: 

  Provides for significant job opportunities and training for the First
  Nation of Na-Cho Nyak Dun
  Provides for Alexco purchase from the Joint Venture of some or all mining
  equipment in future
  Provides for opportunity payments to the Joint Venture based on meeting
  and exceeding specific cost, productivity, safety and environmental targets
  
Procon’s performance and safety record, history of successful
First Nations relationships and familiarity with the project from prior work in
the Keno Hill district were all significant factors in Alexco’s selection of the
NNDDC/Procon Joint Venture for this Mining Services Contract. 
“We are pleased to have awarded this major contract to a well
qualified Canadian-based mining contractor. Procon’s operating philosophy aligns
well with Alexco’s project vision, not only through their professional approach
to mining but through their commitment to provide meaningful growth and
development opportunities to the citizens of the First Nation of Na-Cho Nyak
Dun,” said Clynt Nauman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Alexco. 
Update on Bellekeno Mine and Mill Construction 
Construction at the Bellekeno Mine and Mill complex is
proceeding on schedule and within budget. Detailed engineering is progressing
for the project, mill building steel is erected, mine rehabilitation and
infrastructure development is ongoing as scheduled, and planning continues for
peak construction which is anticipated to occur over the April through July timeframe.
Due to unusually warm weather being experienced this winter in the Yukon,
construction of the mill building is ahead of schedule. The targeted completion
date for full mill construction and commencement of production remains the third
quarter of calendar 2010. Alexco anticipates it will provide a complete update
on construction progress early in the second quarter of calendar 2010, when
detailed engineering is projected to be substantially completed and procurement
is expected to have reached the 75% milestone. 


  
    Head Office
    
    T.
      604 633 4888 
  
    Alexco Resource Corp. 
    F. 604 633 4887 
  
    200 Granville Street, Suite 1150 
     
  
    Vancouver, BC V6C 1S4 
     
  
    Canada 
     


 
Keno Hill Silver District History 
Between 1921 and 1988, the Keno Hill Silver District produced
more than 217 million ounces of silver with average grades of 40.5 ounces per
ton silver, 5.6% lead and 3.1% zinc (Yukon Government's Minfile database). The
historical production grades would rank Keno Hill in the top 3% by grade of
today's global silver producers. The Keno Hill district is the second-largest
historical silver producer in Canada. 
About Alexco 
Alexco’s business is to unlock value and manage risk at mature,
closed or abandoned mine sites through integration and implementation of the
Company’s core competencies which include management of environmental services,
execution of mine reclamation and closure operations and if appropriate,
rejuvenation of exploration and development of new mining opportunities. 
For more information contact Clynton R. Nauman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Alexco, by telephone at 604-633-4888 or by email to
info@alexcoresource.com or visit the Company’s website at
www.alexcoresource.com. 
Some statements in this news release contain forward-looking
information concerning the Company’s anticipated results and developments in the
Company’s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of
its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur
in the future, made as of the date of this press release. Forward-looking
statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to
future remediation and reclamation activities, future mineral exploration, the
estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the realization of mineral
reserve and mineral resource estimates, the timing of activities and the amount
of estimated revenues and expenses, the success of exploration activities,
permitting time lines, requirements for additional capital and sources and uses
of funds. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events
or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, among others, risks related to actual results
of remediation and reclamation activities; actual results of exploration
activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters
as plans continue to be refined; future prices of gold, silver and other
commodities; possible variations in ore bodies, grade or recovery rates; failure
of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour
disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining
governmental approvals or financing or in the completion of development
activities. 
Page 2 of 2